1. She's a wealthy renegade former first lady who don't take no shit from nobody
2. She's a sharp-shooting streetsmart magician's assistant descended from a line of powerful witches
3. She's a foxy antique-collecting bounty hunter who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
4. She's a vivacious extravagent former first lady from Mars
5. She's a strong-willed tempestuous bodyguard who can talk to animals
6. She's a transdimensional extravagent lawyer who can talk to animals
7. She's a time-travelling green-skinned barmaid from a different time and place
8. She's a warm-hearted impetuous angel with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
9. She's an orphaned cat-loving advertising executive who dreams of becoming Elvis
10. She's a provocative antique-collecting vampire from beyond the grav
11. She's a plucky foul-mouthed wrestler descended from a line of powerful witches
12. She's a wealthy punk fairy princess on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
13. She's a cosmopolitan goth vampire trying to make a difference in a man's world
14. She's a green-fingered communist femme fatale with a knack for trouble
15. She's an artistic Bolivian advertising executive trying to make a difference in a man's world
16. She's a pregnant tempestuous safe cracker living on borrowed time
17. She's a brilliant cat-loving snake charmer married to the Mob
18. She's a hard-bitten red-headed Valkyrie from a different time and place
19. She's a disco-crazy goth cab driver on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
20. She's a bloodthirsty gold-digging single mother with the soul of a mighty warrior
21. She's a hard-bitten gold-digging schoolgirl from Mars
22. She's a green-fingered French-Canadian nun with only herself to blame
23. She's a cynical blonde Hell's Angel with an incredible destiny
24. She's a green-fingered tomboy angel with her own daytime radio talk show
25. She's a green-fingered thirtysomething advertising executive from aristocratic European stock
26. She's a sarcastic blonde lawyer with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
27. She's a cold-hearted mute soap star operating on the wrong side of the law
28. She's a strong-willed blonde schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
29. She's a foxy French-Canadian bodyguard with an MBA from Harvard
30. She's a brilliant gold-digging cab driver living homeless in New York's sewers
31. She's a foxy kleptomaniac opera singer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
32. She's a sarcastic kleptomaniac traffic cop operating on the wrong side of the law
33. She's a cold-hearted goth barmaid on the trail of a serial killer
34. She's a supernatural impetuous fairy princess in the wrong place at the wrong time
35. She's a bloodthirsty wisecracking nun with the power to bend men's minds
36. She's an orphaned goth detective who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
37. She's a tortured antique-collecting college professor with her own daytime radio talk show
38. She's a plucky African-American mermaid in the witness protection scheme
39. She's a man-hating impetuous journalist from a secret island of warrior women
40. She's a cold-hearted nymphomaniac opera singer from out of town
41. She's an artistic paranoid soap star from out of town
42. She's a psychotic punk research scientist in the witness protection scheme
43. She's a bloodthirsty cat-loving pearl diver living homeless in New York's sewers
44. She's a plucky out-of-work soap star with the soul of a mighty warrior
45. She's a mentally unstable hypochondriac bounty hunter who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
46. She's a pregnant motormouth archaeologist descended from a line of powerful witches
47. She's a warm-hearted gypsy politician with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
48. She's a provocative belly-dancing mercenary who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
49. She's a violent African-American advertising executive from a family of eight older brothers
50. She's an enchanted motormouth archaeologist married to the Mob
