He's a war-weary vegetarian filmmaker on the edge. 
He's a short-sighted coffee-fuelled astronaut  
He's a hate-fuelled pirate stage actor with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a world-famous bohemian stage actor possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a suicidal ninja cowboy from the 'hood. 
He's a superhumanly strong small-town sorceror who believes he can never love again. 
He's a world-famous dishevelled barbarian looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a jaded arachnophobic gangster gone bad. 
He's a maverick guitar-strumming librarian on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's an impetuous albino paranormal investigator living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a maverick soccer-playing househusband on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a superhumanly strong pirate vagrant trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a bookish zombie card sharp living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a suave soccer-playing paramedic who believes he can never love again. 
He's a gun-slinging Amish grifter looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a sword-wielding arachnophobic cyborg who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a superhumanly strong flyboy romance novelist in a wheelchair. 
He's a bookish hunchbacked waffle chef on the edge. 
He's a bookish small-town sorceror with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's an ungodly vegetarian romance novelist who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a genetically engineered ninja paramedic looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a sword-wielding albino messiah living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a suave one-eyed assassin living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a jaded arachnophobic cowboy with nothing left to lose. 
He's a suicidal sweet-toothed werewolf searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a suicidal moralistic assassin with a secret. 
He's an old-fashioned playboy grifter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's an unconventional overambitious librarian with nothing left to lose. 
He's a world-famous skateboarding hairdresser who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a leather-clad one-eyed filmmaker plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a sword-wielding zombie jungle king  
He's a lonely voodoo firefighter in a wheelchair. 
He's a lounge-singing small-town Green Beret who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an all-American coffee-fuelled assassin for the 21st century. 
He's a fiendish umbrella-wielding senator on the run. 
He's a fiendish shark-wrestling gangster who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an unconventional flyboy card sharp in a wheelchair. 
He's a short-sighted guitar-strumming romance novelist in drag. 
He's an unconventional Amish sorceror on a mission from God. 
He's a hate-fuelled Amish vampire hunter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an uncontrollable voodoo cat burglar on a mission from God. 
He's a lounge-singing day-dreaming barbarian fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's a shy arachnophobic waffle chef who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an obese ninja cowboy from a doomed world. 
He's an underprivileged overambitious stage actor with acid for blood. 
He's a notorious chivalrous waffle chef on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a benighted day-dreaming cop for the 21st century. 
He's a scrappy moralistic ex-con who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a short-sighted overambitious librarian gone bad. 
He's a lounge-singing umbrella-wielding househusband fleeing from a secret government programme. 
