She's a man-hating kleptomaniac queen of the dead with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a violent cigar-chomping mermaid fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a radical insomniac magician's assistant in the witness protection scheme. 
She's an enchanted French-Canadian museum curator fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a beautiful streetsmart hooker trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a chain-smoking cigar-chomping lawyer with only herself to blame. 
She's a plucky red-headed pearl diver on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a beautiful streetsmart stripper with only herself to blame. 
She's a time-travelling belly-dancing museum curator married to the Mob. 
She's a strong-willed kleptomaniac nun in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a transdimensional gypsy safe cracker looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a sarcastic winged detective with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a chain-smoking streetsmart doctor with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a bloodthirsty African-American bodyguard who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a strong-willed nymphomaniac traffic cop with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a chain-smoking cat-loving mermaid with the power to see death. 
She's an orphaned hypochondriac research scientist with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's an elegant wisecracking queen of the dead with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a mistrustful goth hooker descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a beautiful communist safe cracker who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a bloodthirsty impetuous barmaid married to the Mob. 
She's a ditzy hip-hop mermaid looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a cynical thirtysomething doctor with a flame-thrower. 
She's a beautiful green-skinned museum curator with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a sarcastic tempestuous fairy princess with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a violent French-Canadian college professor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a radical hypochondriac doctor with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a high-kicking winged bodyguard looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a high-kicking blonde traffic cop from Mars. 
She's a virginal tempestuous widow in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a vivacious antique-collecting advertising executive with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a brilliant kleptomaniac traffic cop who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a time-travelling mutant college professor from out of town. 
She's a bloodthirsty snooty barmaid with an evil twin sister. 
She's a mentally unstable wisecracking angel who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a cynical hip-hop Valkyrie who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a sarcastic belly-dancing widow who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a cold-hearted thirtysomething fairy princess with a flame-thrower. 
She's a high-kicking Buddhist safe cracker with an evil twin sister. 
She's a brilliant insomniac vampire who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a psychotic wisecracking detective from aristocratic European stock. 
She's an orphaned motormouth college professor from Mars. 
She's a plucky antique-collecting journalist from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a hard-bitten French-Canadian mermaid from Mars. 
She's a manipulative African-American snake charmer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a blind Bolivian bounty hunter from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a time-travelling nymphomaniac soap star who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a foxy out-of-work bodyguard with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a cosmopolitan kleptomaniac journalist living on borrowed time. 
She's a provocative communist soap star living homeless in New York's sewers. 
