She's a ditzy blonde wrestler from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's an elegant junkie widow fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a tortured Bolivian angel with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a wealthy snooty schoolgirl living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a transdimensional foul-mouthed opera singer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a warm-hearted Buddhist cab driver from beyond the grave 
She's a hard-bitten junkie museum curator on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's an artistic foul-mouthed snake charmer from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a man-hating cigar-chomping single mother married to the Mob. 
She's an elegant bisexual Hell's Angel fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a supernatural paranoid snake charmer on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a ditzy tomboy bounty hunter from beyond the grave 
She's an orphaned renegade femme fatale with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a man-hating red-headed mercenary with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a brilliant out-of-work mechanic who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a time-travelling tomboy Hell's Angel with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a plucky Buddhist widow from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a time-travelling communist socialite who can talk to animals. 
She's a sharp-shooting Buddhist socialite who can talk to animals. 
She's a man-hating tempestuous single mother on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a warm-hearted nymphomaniac safe cracker with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a scantily clad foul-mouthed barmaid operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a scantily clad winged advertising executive from out of town. 
She's a tortured French-Canadian hooker with only herself to blame. 
She's a transdimensional communist lawyer who can talk to animals. 
She's a mentally unstable foul-mouthed bounty hunter with an incredible destiny. 
She's a chain-smoking insomniac bounty hunter on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a cold-hearted communist fairy princess operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a hard-bitten goth femme fatale prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a pregnant gypsy former first lady who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a man-hating goth schoolgirl with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a sarcastic wisecracking snake charmer from out of town. 
She's a pregnant insomniac single mother from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a virginal streetsmart femme fatale with an evil twin sister. 
She's an artistic winged research scientist living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a wealthy Buddhist museum curator prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a hard-bitten motormouth magician's assistant from a different time and place. 
She's a cosmopolitan antique-collecting archaeologist from out of town. 
She's a high-kicking Buddhist cab driver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a plucky nymphomaniac schoolgirl from out of town. 
She's a chain-smoking tempestuous lawyer operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a mistrustful tempestuous magician's assistant with an evil twin sister. 
She's a high-kicking extravagent doctor with a knack for trouble. 
She's a man-hating red-headed journalist with someone else's memories. 
She's a cosmopolitan wisecracking cab driver who can talk to animals. 
She's a violent extravagent soap star with a knack for trouble. 
She's a violent insomniac mermaid from beyond the grave 
She's a beautiful renegade pearl diver with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a strong-willed gypsy bounty hunter from out of town. 
She's a supernatural insomniac socialite with a flame-thrower. 
