She's a cosmopolitan mutant fairy princess descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a foxy kleptomaniac politician on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a pregnant hip-hop socialite prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a cosmopolitan red-headed lawyer who can talk to animals. 
She's a cold-hearted tomboy college professor with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a cynical renegade detective married to the Mob. 
She's a bloodthirsty tomboy bodyguard operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a vivacious streetsmart queen of the dead with someone else's memories. 
She's an orphaned insomniac barmaid from a different time and place. 
She's a chain-smoking thirtysomething mermaid with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a manipulative snooty angel in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a violent mute femme fatale from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a manipulative gold-digging museum curator with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a brilliant mute opera singer with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a supernatural bisexual nun fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a provocative African-American stripper with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a cosmopolitan hip-hop wrestler operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a supernatural cat-loving archaeologist fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a transdimensional paranoid traffic cop with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a chain-smoking hypochondriac Valkyrie living on borrowed time. 
She's a cynical punk traffic cop living on borrowed time. 
She's a plucky motormouth magician's assistant prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a blind motormouth femme fatale from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a supernatural insomniac safe cracker who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a tortured African-American snake charmer with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's an orphaned blonde wrestler with the power to see death. 
She's a cold-hearted motormouth Valkyrie living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a strong-willed green-skinned stripper fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a manipulative mutant opera singer from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a man-hating Buddhist detective who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a manipulative gold-digging single mother who can talk to animals. 
She's a warm-hearted red-headed schoolgirl who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a cold-hearted African-American politician who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a violent cat-loving magician's assistant in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a time-travelling psychic bounty hunter with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a supernatural Bolivian mercenary trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a ditzy Buddhist socialite who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's an orphaned cat-loving college professor with an evil twin sister. 
She's a cosmopolitan extravagent cab driver living on borrowed time. 
She's a scantily clad mute traffic cop with a knack for trouble. 
She's an artistic motormouth Hell's Angel with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a radical nymphomaniac hooker who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a disco-crazy foul-mouthed angel married to the Mob. 
She's a strong-willed kleptomaniac politician with an evil twin sister. 
She's an artistic punk stripper with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a vivacious thirtysomething vampire descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a man-hating cigar-chomping soap star who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a radical cat-loving archaeologist descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a scantily clad bisexual mechanic living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a disco-crazy kleptomaniac pearl diver fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
