1:She's a provocative belly-dancing socialite with an evil twin sister. 
2:She's a blind motormouth barmaid from beyond the grave 
3:She's a virginal snooty queen of the dead who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
4:She's an elegant out-of-work former first lady looking for love in all the wrong places. 
5:She's a mistrustful tomboy politician with a knack for trouble. 
6:She's a cynical out-of-work lawyer with someone else's memories. 
7:She's a strong-willed out-of-work detective with her own daytime radio talk show. 
8:She's a cosmopolitan blonde widow with a knack for trouble. 
9:She's a foxy bisexual snake charmer with a flame-thrower. 
10:She's a hard-bitten wisecracking femme fatale in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
11:She's an enchanted mute single mother living on borrowed time. 
12:She's a psychotic kleptomaniac doctor living on borrowed time. 
13:She's a sharp-shooting blonde pearl diver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
14:She's an enchanted renegade snake charmer descended from a line of powerful witches. 
15:She's a time-travelling tempestuous traffic cop who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
16:She's a manipulative winged pearl diver on the trail of a serial killer. 
17:She's an orphaned blonde socialite who can talk to animals. 
18:She's an enchanted junkie college professor from aristocratic European stock. 
19:She's a man-hating communist pearl diver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
20:She's a blind wisecracking nun with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
21:She's a violent cigar-chomping journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
22:She's a vivacious nymphomaniac politician married to the Mob. 
23:She's a hard-bitten mutant snake charmer in the witness protection scheme. 
24:She's a psychotic wisecracking mechanic with her own daytime radio talk show. 
25:She's a ditzy African-American cab driver who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
26:She's a man-hating out-of-work mercenary with her own daytime radio talk show. 
27:She's a scantily clad cigar-chomping stripper with an evil twin sister. 
28:She's an orphaned kleptomaniac college professor with the power to see death. 
29:She's a manipulative junkie femme fatale with her own daytime radio talk show. 
30:She's an artistic winged advertising executive from a different time and place. 
31:She's a sarcastic belly-dancing bodyguard fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
32:She's a radical psychic advertising executive fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
33:She's a cynical thirtysomething queen of the dead who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
34:She's a foxy Buddhist opera singer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
35:She's a cynical French-Canadian angel in the witness protection scheme. 
36:She's a warm-hearted paranoid nun descended from a line of powerful witches. 
37:She's an orphaned renegade bounty hunter on the trail of a serial killer. 
38:She's a provocative Bolivian wrestler trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
39:She's a blind junkie stripper living homeless in New York's sewers. 
40:She's a plucky mute mechanic from a family of eight older brothers. 
41:She's a scantily clad punk socialite from the wrong side of the tracks. 
42:She's a disco-crazy mute traffic cop from a secret island of warrior women. 
43:She's a mistrustful cigar-chomping barmaid from Mars. 
44:She's a sharp-shooting French-Canadian advertising executive from Mars. 
45:She's a vivacious out-of-work single mother who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
46:She's an enchanted insomniac mermaid with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
47:She's a cosmopolitan bisexual mechanic trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
48:She's a hard-bitten snooty mechanic with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
49:She's a strong-willed nymphomaniac safe cracker with her own daytime radio talk show. 
50:She's a disco-crazy bisexual Valkyrie who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
