He's a gun-slinging day-dreaming paramedic fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's an all-American Amish jungle king for the 21st century. 
He's a time-tossed neurotic card sharp haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an ungodly Jewish paranormal investigator for the 21st century. 
He's an all-American devious rock star on the run. 
He's a gun-slinging drug-addicted vampire hunter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a genetically engineered Catholic assassin haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an old-fashioned umbrella-wielding paranormal investigator with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a lounge-singing skateboarding inventor haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a scarfaced coffee-fuelled dwarf looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a fast talking amnesiac astronaut on the edge. 
He's a jaded devious boxer  
He's a leather-clad ninja firefighter searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's an uncontrollable ninja photographer with no name. 
He's a scarfaced Jewish master criminal who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a lounge-singing alcoholic shaman who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an immortal neurotic ex-con with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a hate-fuelled one-eyed photographer from the 'hood. 
He's a superhumanly strong Amish stage actor looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a genetically engineered crooked shaman gone bad. 
He's a globe-trotting ninja senator haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a lounge-singing native American cat burglar looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an impetuous chivalrous jungle king with nothing left to lose. 
He's a jaded albino cop haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a shy playboy cat burglar with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a shy shark-wrestling cowboy in a wheelchair. 
He's an uncontrollable playboy card sharp with no name. 
He's an old-fashioned ninja romance novelist with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a scrappy shark-wrestling boxer on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a time-tossed shark-wrestling Green Beret from a doomed world. 
He's a witless crooked Green Beret haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an ungodly flyboy sorceror on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a fast talking day-dreaming paranormal investigator from the Mississippi delta. 
He's an uncontrollable vegetarian dwarf who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a fiendish dishevelled senator with a secret. 
He's a notorious soccer-playing paramedic with a secret. 
He's a leather-clad Amish librarian from the 'hood. 
He's a leather-clad Jewish waffle chef on a mission from God. 
He's an underprivileged misogynist dwarf who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a scarfaced drug-addicted grifter trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a fiendish neurotic Green Beret whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a scarfaced drug-addicted librarian possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a jaded voodoo gentleman spy searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a genetically engineered Republican barbarian with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's an uncontrollable umbrella-wielding farmboy from the 'hood. 
He's an old-fashioned Republican card sharp on the edge. 
He's a jaded gay rock star with a secret. 
He's a Nobel prize-winning native American grifter with nothing left to lose. 
He's an oversexed playboy astronaut on his last day in the job. 
He's a lonely pirate werewolf on a mission from God. 