She's a manipulative foul-mouthed snake charmer from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a tortured motormouth mercenary from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a mentally unstable out-of-work mercenary in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a ditzy tomboy soap star living on borrowed time. 
She's a cynical thirtysomething lawyer from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a high-kicking African-American research scientist from out of town. 
She's an elegant wisecracking queen of the dead from out of town. 
She's a time-travelling foul-mouthed socialite who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a strong-willed cigar-chomping politician fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a disco-crazy winged magician's assistant from out of town. 
She's a transdimensional African-American Hell's Angel who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a tortured wisecracking bodyguard with someone else's memories. 
She's a radical insomniac hooker from beyond the grave 
She's a radical antique-collecting bodyguard living on borrowed time. 
She's a virginal blonde mermaid living on borrowed time. 
She's a manipulative bisexual stripper descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a radical insomniac soap star with the power to see death. 
She's an orphaned cigar-chomping vampire with only herself to blame. 
She's a violent bisexual lawyer from Mars. 
She's an orphaned winged college professor who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a blind kleptomaniac schoolgirl with an incredible destiny. 
She's a brilliant motormouth bodyguard with an incredible destiny. 
She's a chain-smoking hip-hop former first lady from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a foxy motormouth angel who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a cold-hearted antique-collecting Hell's Angel with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a hard-bitten winged detective living on borrowed time. 
She's an artistic green-skinned Valkyrie descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a mentally unstable paranoid opera singer operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a brilliant bisexual safe cracker with someone else's memories. 
She's a strong-willed renegade angel who can talk to animals. 
She's an orphaned cat-loving detective prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's an artistic mute fairy princess from out of town. 
She's a ditzy out-of-work opera singer fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a foxy foul-mouthed vampire who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a cynical mute wrestler from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a transdimensional hypochondriac mercenary who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a tortured punk doctor living on borrowed time. 
She's a pregnant thirtysomething soap star who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a chain-smoking Bolivian queen of the dead living on borrowed time. 
She's a radical kleptomaniac journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's an orphaned tomboy wrestler looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a sarcastic wisecracking former first lady who can talk to animals. 
She's a brilliant African-American research scientist operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a plucky blonde politician from a different time and place. 
She's an artistic winged opera singer in the witness protection scheme. 
She's an orphaned cigar-chomping safe cracker in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a cosmopolitan nymphomaniac widow living on borrowed time. 
She's a man-hating tempestuous single mother on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a vivacious nymphomaniac magician's assistant prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a mentally unstable hypochondriac schoolgirl who can talk to animals. 
