He's a scrappy Jewish senator fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a benighted zombie inventor with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's an oversexed bohemian cowboy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a time-tossed sweet-toothed vagrant with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a scrappy sweet-toothed senator with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's an old-fashioned native American paramedic haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an oversexed Catholic sorceror looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a hate-fuelled skateboarding matador with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a gun-slinging Jewish hairdresser in drag.
He's a shy native American cowboy trapped in a world he never made.
He's a maverick pirate Green Beret who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a lonely dishevelled gangster with a passion for fast cars.
He's an old-fashioned sweet-toothed gangster haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a war-weary day-dreaming grifter whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a lounge-singing drug-addicted farmboy searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an immortal overambitious sorceror with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a gun-slinging guerilla cat burglar trapped in a world he never made.
He's an oversexed bohemian werewolf possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a lounge-singing Jewish gentleman spy on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's an ungodly amnesiac messiah who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a jaded drug-addicted grifter haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a bookish devious master criminal who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a superhumanly strong guitar-strumming Green Beret trapped in a world he never made.
He's a scarfaced dishevelled senator with acid for blood.
He's a gun-slinging overambitious shaman whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a scarfaced guitar-strumming grifter with acid for blood.
He's a globe-trotting drug-addicted hairdresser for the 21st century.
He's a maverick devious filmmaker on the wrong side of the law.
He's a scrappy misogynist matador with a passion for fast cars.
He's an immortal Jewish photographer on his last day in the job.
He's an impetuous devious shaman from a doomed world.
He's an immortal crooked master criminal on a mission from God.
He's a leather-clad amnesiac cop on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a suave Republican cowboy looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a lounge-singing hunchbacked messiah 
He's a short-sighted amnesiac firefighter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's an old-fashioned playboy grifter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a deeply religious Jewish dwarf looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a superhumanly strong zombie rock star on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a war-weary neurotic jungle king on a mission from God.
He's an uncontrollable playboy househusband gone bad.
He's a maverick gay Green Beret in a wheelchair.
He's a one-legged arachnophobic ex-con from the 'hood.
He's an uncontrollable pirate master criminal in drag.
He's a superhumanly strong shark-wrestling master criminal in drag.
He's an all-American devious romance novelist from the 'hood.
He's a leather-clad guerilla barbarian with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's an underprivileged misogynist werewolf on a mission from God.
He's a maverick small-town vagrant who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a globe-trotting dishevelled ex-con on his last day in the job.
