He's a scarfaced soccer-playing card sharp from a doomed world.
He's an immortal native American messiah with a secret.
He's a one-legged small-town waffle chef on a search for his missing sister.
He's a globe-trotting misogynist sorceror on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a globe-trotting voodoo filmmaker in a wheelchair.
He's an ungodly small-town master criminal plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a shy amnesiac card sharp on his last day in the job.
He's a suicidal Jewish dwarf possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a witless neurotic messiah haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an oversexed overambitious househusband 
He's a hate-fuelled devious romance novelist 
He's a globe-trotting flyboy vagrant in a wheelchair.
He's a fast talking guerilla stage actor who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a maverick drug-addicted Green Beret who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an oversexed albino romance novelist on the wrong side of the law.
He's a Nobel prize-winning white trash cop in a wheelchair.
He's a gun-slinging sweet-toothed cop from the 'hood.
He's a world-famous day-dreaming gangster living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a Nobel prize-winning umbrella-wielding cyborg in a wheelchair.
He's an ungodly pirate senator gone bad.
He's an obese hunchbacked cop with a secret.
He's a short-sighted crooked librarian on the wrong side of the law.
He's a short-sighted small-town shaman possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's an ungodly guitar-strumming librarian who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a scarfaced Republican senator who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a scarfaced overambitious boxer with a passion for fast cars.
He's a time-tossed day-dreaming paranormal investigator looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's an ungodly voodoo assassin on a mission from God.
He's a maverick devious shaman whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a suicidal shark-wrestling vampire hunter with nothing left to lose.
He's a Nobel prize-winning vegetarian jungle king on the run.
He's an immortal soccer-playing sorceror looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a shy bohemian senator searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a bookish guitar-strumming photographer from the Mississippi delta.
He's a maverick dishevelled astronaut gone bad.
He's a shy alcoholic librarian from the 'hood.
He's a short-sighted misogynist cyborg looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a fiendish neurotic assassin on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a lonely devious astronaut trapped in a world he never made.
He's an uncontrollable Republican dog-catcher trapped in a world he never made.
He's a scarfaced ninja gentleman spy whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a hate-fuelled arachnophobic paramedic plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a notorious ninja assassin possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a jaded overambitious assassin who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an underprivileged skateboarding werewolf 
He's an otherworldly small-town dwarf possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a short-sighted guerilla vagrant haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a scrappy shark-wrestling househusband moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a war-weary crooked card sharp living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an unconventional devious librarian trapped in a world he never made.
