She's a green-fingered junkie widow living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's an enchanted nymphomaniac schoolgirl with a flame-thrower.
She's a green-fingered tempestuous schoolgirl with a knack for trouble.
She's a tortured red-headed archaeologist in the witness protection scheme.
She's a blind belly-dancing former first lady who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a vivacious blonde Valkyrie with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a ditzy cigar-chomping safe cracker with a knack for trouble.
She's a tortured foul-mouthed mercenary from beyond the grave.
She's a violent foul-mouthed college professor from a family of eight older brothers.
She's an elegant African-American cab driver fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a plucky paranoid pearl diver from a different time and place.
She's a manipulative cigar-chomping snake charmer with someone else's memories.
She's a brilliant insomniac Hell's Angel from beyond the grave.
She's a radical blonde mechanic from beyond the grave.
She's a cynical communist Valkyrie fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a green-fingered streetsmart lawyer with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a manipulative communist pearl diver prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She's a chain-smoking paranoid mermaid with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a cynical communist magician's assistant from beyond the grave.
She's a scantily clad punk queen of the dead with an incredible destiny.
She's a foxy punk Valkyrie on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's a time-travelling impetuous mermaid with the power to see death.
She's a pregnant motormouth mermaid descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a psychotic punk wrestler who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a vivacious junkie archaeologist from Mars.
She's a warm-hearted communist museum curator fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a cynical belly-dancing opera singer fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a high-kicking cigar-chomping mermaid who don't take no shit from nobody.
She's a ditzy kleptomaniac former first lady who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a manipulative paranoid mechanic from out of town.
She's a wealthy cigar-chomping mermaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a manipulative psychic opera singer with an incredible destiny.
She's a beautiful bisexual widow with a flame-thrower.
She's a green-fingered punk detective who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a bloodthirsty insomniac opera singer looking for love in all the wrong places.
She's a time-travelling insomniac advertising executive from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a chain-smoking extravagent magician's assistant operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a blind belly-dancing advertising executive from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a beautiful insomniac opera singer with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a brilliant streetsmart safe cracker descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a manipulative streetsmart archaeologist from a different time and place.
She's a wealthy streetsmart vampire with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a mentally unstable psychic traffic cop with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
She's a disco-crazy psychic archaeologist with only herself to blame.
She's a blind communist doctor living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's an artistic tempestuous femme fatale who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a high-kicking mute socialite from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a bloodthirsty nymphomaniac nun with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a mistrustful renegade fairy princess with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's an orphaned thirtysomething barmaid in the witness protection scheme.