 a wealthy gold-digging schoolgirl prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 a transdimensional kleptomaniac detective from beyond the grave
 a man-hating winged nun trying to make a difference in a man\'s world.
 a provocative red-headed hooker with the soul of a mighty warrior.
 a blind mute soap star who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 a virginal mutant bodyguard from a different time and place.
 a vivacious Bolivian college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior.
 a supernatural blonde cab driver in the witness protection scheme.
 a man-hating kleptomaniac barmaid with a flame-thrower.
 a pregnant red-headed magician\'s assistant with a flame-thrower.
 a strong-willed mute safe cracker who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
 an elegant hip-hop politician from Mars.
 a cosmopolitan hypochondriac femme fatale from Mars.
 a psychotic hip-hop wrestler with her own daytime radio talk show.
 a blind tempestuous soap star who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
 a strong-willed renegade Hell\'s Angel with someone else\'s memories.
 a cynical blonde lawyer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
 a cynical wisecracking socialite from beyond the grave
 a man-hating thirtysomething soap star who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
 a green-fingered impetuous barmaid from beyond the grave
 a green-fingered impetuous nun with the power to see death.
 a beautiful punk research scientist with the power to bend men\'s minds.
 a cold-hearted cigar-chomping bounty hunter with only herself to blame.
 a supernatural gold-digging mermaid with an evil twin sister.
 a brilliant streetsmart bounty hunter with an MBA from Harvard.
 an orphaned cigar-chomping doctor in the wrong place at the wrong time.
 a transdimensional belly-dancing widow from aristocratic European stock.
 a cynical gypsy pearl diver with the power to bend men\'s minds.
 a beautiful gold-digging socialite on the trail of a serial killer.
 a virginal mute fairy princess on her way to prison for a murder she didn\'t commit.
 a warm-hearted French-Canadian journalist looking for love in all the wrong places.
 a sharp-shooting African-American mechanic with the power to see death.
 a beautiful paranoid college professor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 a disco-crazy motormouth magician\'s assistant from beyond the grave
 a foxy tomboy vampire on her way to prison for a murder she didn\'t commit.
 a pregnant thirtysomething barmaid from a different time and place.
 a scantily clad hypochondriac widow married to the Mob.
 a chain-smoking wisecracking mermaid from a family of eight older brothers.
 a violent nymphomaniac single mother on the trail of a serial killer.
 a chain-smoking mutant queen of the dead who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 an elegant wisecracking college professor with a flame-thrower.
 a sharp-shooting renegade soap star looking for love in all the wrong places.
 a blind wisecracking bounty hunter from a different time and place.
 a sharp-shooting wisecracking wrestler from beyond the grave
 a blind out-of-work barmaid with a flame-thrower.
 an artistic green-skinned archaeologist married to the Mob.
 a high-kicking cigar-chomping opera singer on the trail of a serial killer.
 a tortured kleptomaniac wrestler prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 a transdimensional mute fairy princess who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 an artistic winged mermaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
