1:She's an artistic mutant queen of the dead who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
2:She's a ditzy impetuous hooker from out of town. 
3:She's a cosmopolitan motormouth bodyguard with the power to see death. 
4:She's a sarcastic antique-collecting snake charmer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
5:She's a foxy blonde politician living homeless in New York's sewers. 
6:She's an elegant foul-mouthed lawyer from a different time and place. 
7:She's a provocative extravagent lawyer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
8:She's a chain-smoking antique-collecting single mother with only herself to blame. 
9:She's a wealthy bisexual hooker in the witness protection scheme. 
10:She's a warm-hearted kleptomaniac stripper from beyond the grave 
11:She's a foxy French-Canadian widow from the wrong side of the tracks. 
12:She's a sharp-shooting psychic widow from a secret island of warrior women. 
13:She's an enchanted gypsy politician with a knack for trouble. 
14:She's a time-travelling tomboy nun from aristocratic European stock. 
15:She's a sharp-shooting African-American schoolgirl from a secret island of warrior women. 
16:She's a man-hating kleptomaniac traffic cop with someone else's memories. 
17:She's a brilliant antique-collecting cab driver married to the Mob. 
18:She's a virginal winged Hell's Angel with an incredible destiny. 
19:She's a cynical Buddhist journalist with an incredible destiny. 
20:She's a radical punk detective from the wrong side of the tracks. 
21:She's a scantily clad thirtysomething detective with a flame-thrower. 
22:She's a man-hating gypsy cab driver from aristocratic European stock. 
23:She's an elegant French-Canadian barmaid from aristocratic European stock. 
24:She's a hard-bitten gold-digging wrestler with a knack for trouble. 
25:She's a chain-smoking gold-digging mercenary descended from a line of powerful witches. 
26:She's an orphaned paranoid traffic cop with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
27:She's a plucky green-skinned snake charmer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
28:She's a cynical gold-digging lawyer who can talk to animals. 
29:She's a green-fingered mutant snake charmer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
30:She's a mentally unstable mutant Hell's Angel with a flame-thrower. 
31:She's a vivacious impetuous queen of the dead looking for love in all the wrong places. 
32:She's a sarcastic African-American fairy princess from a different time and place. 
33:She's a wealthy thirtysomething mermaid with only herself to blame. 
34:She's a beautiful Bolivian safe cracker from a secret island of warrior women. 
35:She's a manipulative hip-hop snake charmer with an evil twin sister. 
36:She's a sarcastic psychic queen of the dead with an MBA from Harvard. 
37:She's a strong-willed psychic research scientist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
38:She's a green-fingered thirtysomething vampire with someone else's memories. 
39:She's a radical tomboy advertising executive from the wrong side of the tracks. 
40:She's a radical tomboy journalist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
41:She's a high-kicking motormouth mercenary from a different time and place. 
42:She's a mistrustful psychic bounty hunter who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
43:She's a radical out-of-work snake charmer operating on the wrong side of the law. 
44:She's a provocative goth vampire with someone else's memories. 
45:She's a mentally unstable impetuous single mother with a flame-thrower. 
46:She's an orphaned motormouth angel with only herself to blame. 
47:She's a cosmopolitan extravagent archaeologist with an incredible destiny. 
48:She's a high-kicking motormouth advertising executive married to the Mob. 
49:She's a manipulative gypsy mercenary living on borrowed time. 
50:She's a wealthy hip-hop mechanic prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
1:She's a green-fingered Bolivian advertising executive living homeless in New York's sewers. 
2:She's a hard-bitten tomboy museum curator with an MBA from Harvard. 
3:She's a plucky nymphomaniac traffic cop operating on the wrong side of the law. 
4:She's a cosmopolitan junkie fairy princess prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
5:She's a high-kicking punk queen of the dead with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
6:She's a transdimensional renegade safe cracker looking for love in all the wrong places. 
7:She's a warm-hearted bisexual barmaid with a flame-thrower. 
8:She's a vivacious red-headed wrestler from Mars. 
9:She's a blind thirtysomething mercenary from beyond the grave 
10:She's a mentally unstable punk mechanic with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
11:She's a tortured tempestuous bounty hunter with a knack for trouble. 
12:She's a mentally unstable goth Valkyrie who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
13:She's a tortured foul-mouthed femme fatale from a secret island of warrior women. 
14:She's a green-fingered green-skinned queen of the dead who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
15:She's a vivacious paranoid vampire descended from a line of powerful witches. 
16:She's a brilliant antique-collecting hooker looking for love in all the wrong places. 
17:She's an enchanted cat-loving nun living on borrowed time. 
18:She's a sarcastic red-headed mermaid who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
19:She's a provocative gold-digging fairy princess who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
20:She's a disco-crazy antique-collecting schoolgirl from a family of eight older brothers. 
21:She's a chain-smoking goth college professor from out of town. 
22:She's a provocative gold-digging hooker with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
23:She's a blind tomboy mermaid on the trail of a serial killer. 
24:She's a provocative Bolivian college professor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
25:She's a wealthy red-headed hooker operating on the wrong side of the law. 
26:She's a vivacious kleptomaniac soap star who don't take no shit from nobody. 
27:She's a sarcastic insomniac angel from a secret island of warrior women. 
28:She's a foxy kleptomaniac femme fatale from aristocratic European stock. 
29:She's a mentally unstable hypochondriac angel with only herself to blame. 
30:She's a vivacious snooty safe cracker prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
31:She's a ditzy tempestuous lawyer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
32:She's an elegant red-headed doctor married to the Mob. 
33:She's a high-kicking renegade vampire descended from a line of powerful witches. 
34:She's a manipulative red-headed bodyguard with someone else's memories. 
35:She's an enchanted Buddhist barmaid operating on the wrong side of the law. 
36:She's a bloodthirsty tempestuous nun living homeless in New York's sewers. 
37:She's a chain-smoking hypochondriac politician operating on the wrong side of the law. 
38:She's a sarcastic hypochondriac journalist trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
39:She's a brilliant psychic queen of the dead with someone else's memories. 
40:She's a man-hating impetuous lawyer with an MBA from Harvard. 
41:She's an elegant renegade soap star fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
42:She's an elegant motormouth detective from a different time and place. 
43:She's a virginal bisexual bodyguard from beyond the grave 
44:She's a man-hating punk mechanic looking for love in all the wrong places. 
45:She's a hard-bitten motormouth college professor operating on the wrong side of the law. 
46:She's a supernatural psychic bounty hunter with her own daytime radio talk show. 
47:She's a disco-crazy paranoid magician's assistant in the witness protection scheme. 
48:She's a cynical insomniac wrestler in the witness protection scheme. 
49:She's a transdimensional foul-mouthed magician's assistant from a different time and place. 
50:She's a vivacious kleptomaniac safe cracker in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
