1:He's an otherworldly drug-addicted boxer looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
2:He's a genetically engineered alcoholic barbarian with acid for blood. 
3:He's a genetically engineered crooked waffle chef trapped in a world he never made. 
4:He's a maverick one-eyed stage actor who believes he can never love again. 
5:He's a scarfaced sweet-toothed card sharp with acid for blood. 
6:He's an otherworldly sweet-toothed ex-con from a doomed world. 
7:He's a gun-slinging guerilla shaman on a mission from God. 
8:He's an uncontrollable flyboy assassin with no name. 
9:He's a deeply religious umbrella-wielding firefighter who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
10:He's a deeply religious Republican filmmaker looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
11:He's an immortal day-dreaming Green Beret haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
12:He's an obese gay cyborg with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
13:He's a lonely voodoo shaman for the 21st century. 
14:He's a fiendish Jewish senator on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
15:He's an all-American small-town vampire hunter on the wrong side of the law. 
16:He's an underprivileged umbrella-wielding astronaut with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
17:He's a world-famous zombie photographer on the run. 
18:He's a one-legged gay farmboy with no name. 
19:He's an unconventional voodoo romance novelist with no name. 
20:He's an oversexed Jewish vampire hunter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
21:He's a leather-clad playboy stage actor who believes he can never love again. 
22:He's a Nobel prize-winning neurotic hairdresser with a secret. 
23:He's a shy Catholic grifter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
24:He's a short-sighted zombie firefighter fleeing from a secret government programme. 
25:He's a maverick pirate dwarf with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
26:He's an all-American gay ex-con from the Mississippi delta. 
27:He's an uncontrollable arachnophobic astronaut for the 21st century. 
28:He's a benighted albino paranormal investigator from the 'hood. 
29:He's a fast talking Amish dwarf fleeing from a secret government programme. 
30:He's a one-legged Republican stage actor with a secret. 
31:He's an oversexed hunchbacked barbarian in a wheelchair. 
32:He's an all-American hunchbacked cowboy haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
33:He's an obese shark-wrestling paranormal investigator looking for 'the Big One.' 
34:He's a deeply religious small-town paranormal investigator with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
35:He's a superhumanly strong vegetarian card sharp with a secret. 
36:He's an uncontrollable alcoholic sorceror whom everyone believes is mad. 
37:He's a fiendish Amish vagrant  
38:He's an all-American playboy ex-con on a mission from God. 
39:He's a deeply religious small-town senator in a wheelchair. 
40:He's a hate-fuelled one-eyed stage actor living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
41:He's an oversexed amnesiac assassin with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
42:He's a lounge-singing drug-addicted messiah looking for 'the Big One.' 
43:He's an obese ninja matador searching for his wife's true killer. 
44:He's a jaded Republican sorceror in drag. 
45:He's an otherworldly shark-wrestling barbarian haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
46:He's a time-tossed moralistic rock star with a secret. 
47:He's a lonely crooked librarian with nothing left to lose. 
48:He's an unconventional bohemian paramedic on a search for his missing sister. 
49:He's a scarfaced native American hairdresser living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
50:He's an oversexed small-town cyborg moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
1:He's a lonely devious waffle chef who dotes on his loving old ma. 
2:He's a fast talking vegetarian vampire hunter who dotes on his loving old ma. 
3:He's an unconventional drug-addicted cowboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
4:He's an unconventional hunchbacked cop on the edge. 
5:He's an ungodly vegetarian shaman gone bad. 
6:He's a sword-wielding white trash inventor in drag. 
7:He's a one-legged moralistic cowboy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
8:He's a gun-slinging pirate dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
9:He's an otherworldly drug-addicted messiah whom everyone believes is mad. 
10:He's a world-famous playboy farmboy who dotes on his loving old ma. 
11:He's a short-sighted gay cowboy searching for his wife's true killer. 
12:He's a suave gay vagrant possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
13:He's a jaded sweet-toothed cowboy with nothing left to lose. 
14:He's a shy alcoholic cyborg from the Mississippi delta. 
15:He's a lonely amnesiac househusband gone bad. 
16:He's an impetuous crooked waffle chef plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
17:He's a maverick crooked matador who must take medication to keep him sane. 
18:He's a bookish sweet-toothed photographer with no name. 
19:He's a lonely vegetarian messiah on the edge. 
20:He's a short-sighted crooked master criminal haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
21:He's a short-sighted dishevelled gentleman spy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
22:He's a witless one-eyed librarian gone bad. 
23:He's an otherworldly vegetarian cyborg haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
24:He's a globe-trotting Jewish gentleman spy with no name. 
25:He's an otherworldly day-dreaming waffle chef from a doomed world. 
26:He's a genetically engineered pirate inventor for the 21st century. 
27:He's a jaded Republican grifter with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
28:He's a time-tossed arachnophobic hairdresser in drag. 
29:He's a deeply religious arachnophobic astronaut with acid for blood. 
30:He's a witless flyboy astronaut looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
31:He's an underprivileged overambitious romance novelist who dotes on his loving old ma. 
32:He's an oversexed Catholic Green Beret on his last day in the job. 
33:He's a gun-slinging one-eyed card sharp whom everyone believes is mad. 
34:He's an oversexed moralistic card sharp moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
35:He's a war-weary skateboarding dwarf  
36:He's a sword-wielding Republican card sharp with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
37:He's a witless coffee-fuelled boxer who believes he can never love again. 
38:He's a leather-clad Catholic boxer plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
39:He's a genetically engineered Amish librarian looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
40:He's an obese sweet-toothed rock star with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
41:He's an oversexed coffee-fuelled gentleman spy for the 21st century. 
42:He's a fiendish neurotic filmmaker searching for his wife's true killer. 
43:He's a deeply religious one-eyed cyborg living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
44:He's a benighted flyboy grifter on a search for his missing sister. 
45:He's an obese one-eyed paranormal investigator who must take medication to keep him sane. 
46:He's a suicidal sweet-toothed househusband who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
47:He's a world-famous vegetarian filmmaker who dotes on his loving old ma. 
48:He's a fast talking neurotic firefighter on his last day in the job. 
49:He's a war-weary soccer-playing shaman who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
50:He's a leather-clad zombie househusband on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
