filename: Female copy 7.txt
She's a man-hating kleptomaniac queen of the dead with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a violent cigar-chomping mermaid fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a radical insomniac magician's assistant in the witness protection scheme. 
She's an enchanted French-Canadian museum curator fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a beautiful streetsmart hooker trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a chain-smoking cigar-chomping lawyer with only herself to blame. 
She's a plucky red-headed pearl diver on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a beautiful streetsmart stripper with only herself to blame. 
She's a time-travelling belly-dancing museum curator married to the Mob. 
She's a strong-willed kleptomaniac nun in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a transdimensional gypsy safe cracker looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a sarcastic winged detective with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a chain-smoking streetsmart doctor with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a bloodthirsty African-American bodyguard who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a strong-willed nymphomaniac traffic cop with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a chain-smoking cat-loving mermaid with the power to see death. 
She's an orphaned hypochondriac research scientist with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's an elegant wisecracking queen of the dead with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a mistrustful goth hooker descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a beautiful communist safe cracker who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a bloodthirsty impetuous barmaid married to the Mob. 
She's a ditzy hip-hop mermaid looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a cynical thirtysomething doctor with a flame-thrower. 
She's a beautiful green-skinned museum curator with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a sarcastic tempestuous fairy princess with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a violent French-Canadian college professor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a radical hypochondriac doctor with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a high-kicking winged bodyguard looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a high-kicking blonde traffic cop from Mars. 
She's a virginal tempestuous widow in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a vivacious antique-collecting advertising executive with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a brilliant kleptomaniac traffic cop who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a time-travelling mutant college professor from out of town. 
She's a bloodthirsty snooty barmaid with an evil twin sister. 
She's a mentally unstable wisecracking angel who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a cynical hip-hop Valkyrie who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a sarcastic belly-dancing widow who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a cold-hearted thirtysomething fairy princess with a flame-thrower. 
She's a high-kicking Buddhist safe cracker with an evil twin sister. 
She's a brilliant insomniac vampire who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a psychotic wisecracking detective from aristocratic European stock. 
She's an orphaned motormouth college professor from Mars. 
She's a plucky antique-collecting journalist from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a hard-bitten French-Canadian mermaid from Mars. 
She's a manipulative African-American snake charmer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a blind Bolivian bounty hunter from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a time-travelling nymphomaniac soap star who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a foxy out-of-work bodyguard with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a cosmopolitan kleptomaniac journalist living on borrowed time. 
She's a provocative communist soap star living homeless in New York's sewers. 
filename: female copy 6.txt
She's a green-fingered junkie widow living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's an enchanted nymphomaniac schoolgirl with a flame-thrower.
She's a green-fingered tempestuous schoolgirl with a knack for trouble.
She's a tortured red-headed archaeologist in the witness protection scheme.
She's a blind belly-dancing former first lady who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a vivacious blonde Valkyrie with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a ditzy cigar-chomping safe cracker with a knack for trouble.
She's a tortured foul-mouthed mercenary from beyond the grave.
She's a violent foul-mouthed college professor from a family of eight older brothers.
She's an elegant African-American cab driver fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a plucky paranoid pearl diver from a different time and place.
She's a manipulative cigar-chomping snake charmer with someone else's memories.
She's a brilliant insomniac Hell's Angel from beyond the grave.
She's a radical blonde mechanic from beyond the grave.
She's a cynical communist Valkyrie fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a green-fingered streetsmart lawyer with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a manipulative communist pearl diver prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She's a chain-smoking paranoid mermaid with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a cynical communist magician's assistant from beyond the grave.
She's a scantily clad punk queen of the dead with an incredible destiny.
She's a foxy punk Valkyrie on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's a time-travelling impetuous mermaid with the power to see death.
She's a pregnant motormouth mermaid descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a psychotic punk wrestler who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a vivacious junkie archaeologist from Mars.
She's a warm-hearted communist museum curator fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a cynical belly-dancing opera singer fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a high-kicking cigar-chomping mermaid who don't take no shit from nobody.
She's a ditzy kleptomaniac former first lady who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a manipulative paranoid mechanic from out of town.
She's a wealthy cigar-chomping mermaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a manipulative psychic opera singer with an incredible destiny.
She's a beautiful bisexual widow with a flame-thrower.
She's a green-fingered punk detective who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a bloodthirsty insomniac opera singer looking for love in all the wrong places.
She's a time-travelling insomniac advertising executive from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a chain-smoking extravagent magician's assistant operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a blind belly-dancing advertising executive from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a beautiful insomniac opera singer with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a brilliant streetsmart safe cracker descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a manipulative streetsmart archaeologist from a different time and place.
She's a wealthy streetsmart vampire with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a mentally unstable psychic traffic cop with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
She's a disco-crazy psychic archaeologist with only herself to blame.
She's a blind communist doctor living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's an artistic tempestuous femme fatale who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a high-kicking mute socialite from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a bloodthirsty nymphomaniac nun with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a mistrustful renegade fairy princess with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's an orphaned thirtysomething barmaid in the witness protection scheme.filename: female_characters copy.txt
 She's a man-hating red-headed nun from a family of eight older brothers
 She's a mistrustful out-of-work snake charmer with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a warm-hearted nymphomaniac college professor who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
 She's a tortured impetuous magician's assistant who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a hard-bitten cigar-chomping museum curator living on borrowed time
 She's a scantily clad cat-loving vampire with a knack for trouble
 She's an elegant junkie college professor from a secret island of warrior women
 She's a mistrustful snooty detective with an incredible destiny
 She's a pregnant bisexual soap star with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a transdimensional Bolivian advertising executive with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a foxy African-American former first lady with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a pregnant punk soap star with someone else's memories
 She's a beautiful African-American traffic cop in the witness protection scheme
 She's a man-hating green-skinned soap star with an evil twin sister
 She's an orphaned mute stripper with an evil twin sister
 She's a sharp-shooting belly-dancing mermaid who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a scantily clad Bolivian soap star living on borrowed time
 She's a mistrustful communist hooker who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a chain-smoking foul-mouthed widow from aristocratic European stock
 She's a warm-hearted impetuous vampire living homeless in New York's sewers
 She's a warm-hearted bisexual single mother on the trail of a serial killer
 She's a bloodthirsty French-Canadian mermaid in the witness protection scheme
 She's a psychotic foul-mouthed Hell's Angel from out of town
 She's a pregnant French-Canadian bounty hunter descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a cynical African-American pearl diver with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a green-fingered winged schoolgirl who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
 She's a wealthy Bolivian traffic cop descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a cynical winged advertising executive prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
 She's a hard-bitten mute college professor on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's a sarcastic bisexual cab driver with an MBA from Harvard
 They fight crime!</P>


 She's an enchanted wisecracking fairy princess trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's a bloodthirsty mutant snake charmer with her own daytime radio talk show
 She's a bloodthirsty hypochondriac widow from a family of eight older brothers
 She's a blind antique-collecting mercenary descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a time-travelling paranoid Hell's Angel with the power to see death
 She's a strong-willed green-skinned schoolgirl in the witness protection scheme
 She's a hard-bitten gypsy mermaid operating on the wrong side of the law
 She's a time-travelling mutant mermaid with a flame-thrower
 She's a strong-willed insomniac Hell's Angel who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a chain-smoking snooty queen of the dead with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a psychotic insomniac mechanic trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's a time-travelling cat-loving bodyguard operating on the wrong side of the law
 She's a pregnant blonde hooker on the trail of a serial killer
 She's an artistic goth mercenary with an MBA from Harvard
 She's an artistic insomniac opera singer with an evil twin sister
 She's a disco-crazy punk pearl diver from aristocratic European stock
 She's a violent goth pearl diver with an incredible destiny
 She's a wealthy renegade mechanic living on borrowed time
 Circus
filename: female copy 4.txt
 She's a manipulative out-of-work barmaid from Mars
 She's a sharp-shooting goth doctor fleeing from a Satanic cult
 She's a hard-bitten paranoid opera singer who don't take no shit from nobody
 She's an enchanted punk mechanic on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 Circus
 She's a scantily clad winged detective with an incredible destiny
 She's a warm-hearted antique-collecting Valkyrie with someone else's memories
 She's a green-fingered junkie doctor from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's a strong-willed out-of-work opera singer in the witness protection scheme
 She's a sarcastic insomniac snake charmer with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a brilliant antique-collecting fairy princess with the power to bend men's minds
 She's a green-fingered green-skinned magician's assistant with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a sarcastic French-Canadian traffic cop with the power to bend men's minds
 She's a vivacious winged nun on the trail of a serial killer
 She's a brilliant extravagent former first lady with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a time-travelling winged traffic cop with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a strong-willed paranoid mermaid married to the Mob
 She's an elegant communist Hell's Angel from a different time and place
 She's a warm-hearted hip-hop advertising executive who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
 She's a transdimensional green-skinned soap star who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
 She's a radical French-Canadian pearl diver with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a pregnant wisecracking soap star who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a cynical wisecracking wrestler from a secret island of warrior women
 She's a provocative African-American fairy princess from a family of eight older brothers
 She's a mentally unstable out-of-work pearl diver descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a high-kicking mute detective living homeless in New York's sewers
 She's a pregnant Buddhist mercenary with an evil twin sister
 She's a high-kicking impetuous archaeologist with only herself to blame
 She's a time-travelling extravagent advertising executive who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
 They fight crime!
 She's a strong-willed insomniac soap star with an MBA from Harvard
' She's an enchanted nymphomaniac journalist descended from a line of powerful witches
 They fight crime!
 She's a time-travelling French-Canadian bounty hunter operating on the wrong side of the law
 She's a radical gypsy nun on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
' She's a plucky insomniac traffic cop from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's a transdimensional thirtysomething advertising executive with the power to bend men's minds
 She's a scantily clad mutant angel with only herself to blame
 She's a chain-smoking antique-collecting detective who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
 She's a beautiful African-American stripper looking for love in all the wrong places
 She's a virginal bisexual detective who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
 She's a disco-crazy mutant archaeologist with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a foxy junkie mechanic with a flame-thrower
 She's a virginal extravagent pearl diver prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
 She's an elegant mutant traffic cop with a flame-thrower
 She's a bloodthirsty red-headed politician fleeing from a Satanic cult
 She's a bloodthirsty renegade archaeologist who can talk to animals
 They fight crime!
 She's a tortured mute queen of the dead from Mars
 She's a pregnant streetsmart vampire from beyond the grave They fight crime!
filename: female copy 5.txt
1:She's a provocative belly-dancing socialite with an evil twin sister. 
2:She's a blind motormouth barmaid from beyond the grave 
3:She's a virginal snooty queen of the dead who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
4:She's an elegant out-of-work former first lady looking for love in all the wrong places. 
5:She's a mistrustful tomboy politician with a knack for trouble. 
6:She's a cynical out-of-work lawyer with someone else's memories. 
7:She's a strong-willed out-of-work detective with her own daytime radio talk show. 
8:She's a cosmopolitan blonde widow with a knack for trouble. 
9:She's a foxy bisexual snake charmer with a flame-thrower. 
10:She's a hard-bitten wisecracking femme fatale in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
11:She's an enchanted mute single mother living on borrowed time. 
12:She's a psychotic kleptomaniac doctor living on borrowed time. 
13:She's a sharp-shooting blonde pearl diver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
14:She's an enchanted renegade snake charmer descended from a line of powerful witches. 
15:She's a time-travelling tempestuous traffic cop who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
16:She's a manipulative winged pearl diver on the trail of a serial killer. 
17:She's an orphaned blonde socialite who can talk to animals. 
18:She's an enchanted junkie college professor from aristocratic European stock. 
19:She's a man-hating communist pearl diver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
20:She's a blind wisecracking nun with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
21:She's a violent cigar-chomping journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
22:She's a vivacious nymphomaniac politician married to the Mob. 
23:She's a hard-bitten mutant snake charmer in the witness protection scheme. 
24:She's a psychotic wisecracking mechanic with her own daytime radio talk show. 
25:She's a ditzy African-American cab driver who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
26:She's a man-hating out-of-work mercenary with her own daytime radio talk show. 
27:She's a scantily clad cigar-chomping stripper with an evil twin sister. 
28:She's an orphaned kleptomaniac college professor with the power to see death. 
29:She's a manipulative junkie femme fatale with her own daytime radio talk show. 
30:She's an artistic winged advertising executive from a different time and place. 
31:She's a sarcastic belly-dancing bodyguard fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
32:She's a radical psychic advertising executive fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
33:She's a cynical thirtysomething queen of the dead who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
34:She's a foxy Buddhist opera singer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
35:She's a cynical French-Canadian angel in the witness protection scheme. 
36:She's a warm-hearted paranoid nun descended from a line of powerful witches. 
37:She's an orphaned renegade bounty hunter on the trail of a serial killer. 
38:She's a provocative Bolivian wrestler trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
39:She's a blind junkie stripper living homeless in New York's sewers. 
40:She's a plucky mute mechanic from a family of eight older brothers. 
41:She's a scantily clad punk socialite from the wrong side of the tracks. 
42:She's a disco-crazy mute traffic cop from a secret island of warrior women. 
43:She's a mistrustful cigar-chomping barmaid from Mars. 
44:She's a sharp-shooting French-Canadian advertising executive from Mars. 
45:She's a vivacious out-of-work single mother who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
46:She's an enchanted insomniac mermaid with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
47:She's a cosmopolitan bisexual mechanic trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
48:She's a hard-bitten snooty mechanic with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
49:She's a strong-willed nymphomaniac safe cracker with her own daytime radio talk show. 
50:She's a disco-crazy bisexual Valkyrie who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
filename: Female_list.csv
She's a hard-bitten psychic widow with someone else's memories,
She's a strong-willed hip-hop soap star from beyond the grave ,
She's a cynical gold-digging nun prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
She's a cold-hearted hip-hop museum curator with an MBA from Harvard,
She's a man-hating out-of-work mermaid who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen,
She's a blind mutant cab driver in the witness protection scheme,
She's a disco-crazy blonde opera singer who don't take no shit from nobody,
She's a time-travelling tempestuous Hell's Angel who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt,
She's a vivacious foul-mouthed fairy princess in the wrong place at the wrong time,
She's a mentally unstable goth femme fatale who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt,
She's a transdimensional Buddhist angel with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch,
She's a blind tempestuous cab driver with an incredible destiny,
She's a provocative belly-dancing safe cracker looking for love in all the wrong places,
She's a manipulative bisexual cab driver living on borrowed time,
She's a beautiful French-Canadian wrestler who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles,
She's an enchanted mutant lawyer who can talk to animals,
She's an elegant punk hooker on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit,
She's a sarcastic bisexual snake charmer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen,
She's a pregnant thirtysomething fairy princess with a song in her heart and a spring in her step,
She's a time-travelling green-skinned college professor from the wrong side of the tracks,
She's a cosmopolitan communist bodyguard with her own daytime radio talk show,
She's an orphaned paranoid snake charmer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles,
She's a virginal African-American cab driver with an evil twin sister,
She's a blind out-of-work doctor from aristocratic European stock,
She's a cosmopolitan red-headed queen of the dead prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
She's a sarcastic impetuous soap star who can talk to animals,
She's a wealthy winged politician from beyond the grave ,
She's an artistic blonde Hell's Angel living homeless in New York's sewers,
She's a warm-hearted bisexual bodyguard from a different time and place,
She's a foxy psychic research scientist on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit,
She's a high-kicking mute politician with someone else's memories,
She's a high-kicking motormouth stripper from beyond the grave ,
She's a tortured hip-hop barmaid with an evil twin sister,
She's a warm-hearted paranoid mechanic living homeless in New York's sewers,
She's a cosmopolitan streetsmart schoolgirl with the power to see death,
She's a scantily clad foul-mouthed queen of the dead descended from a line of powerful witches,
She's an enchanted out-of-work snake charmer with a flame-thrower,
She's a foxy African-American widow with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch,
She's a cynical cigar-chomping soap star with someone else's memories,
She's a provocative wisecracking cab driver who dreams of becoming Elvis,
She's a vivacious streetsmart journalist from beyond the grave ,
She's a strong-willed tomboy femme fatale looking for love in all the wrong places,
She's a wealthy Bolivian Valkyrie married to the Mob,
She's a vivacious psychic magician's assistant from a secret island of warrior women,
She's a mistrustful bisexual wrestler operating on the wrong side of the law,
She's a mistrustful wisecracking magician's assistant operating on the wrong side of the law,
She's a mentally unstable psychic former first lady from aristocratic European stock,
She's a manipulative belly-dancing museum curator with an incredible destiny,
She's a foxy junkie mercenary who can talk to animals,
She's a warm-hearted winged magician's assistant in the wrong place at the wrong time,
filename: she copy 2.txt
She's a wealthy African-American schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a pregnant nymphomaniac bodyguard from beyond the grave 
She's a foxy nymphomaniac socialite from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a manipulative French-Canadian barmaid with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's an orphaned African-American queen of the dead married to the Mob. 
She's a sharp-shooting gold-digging angel descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a time-travelling winged soap star married to the Mob. 
She's an artistic mutant politician with a knack for trouble. 
She's a chain-smoking African-American Hell's Angel from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a strong-willed thirtysomething journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a beautiful punk queen of the dead from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a cynical communist detective with someone else's memories. 
She's a tortured mutant cab driver looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's an elegant communist journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a strong-willed hypochondriac mermaid with an incredible destiny. 
She's an orphaned bisexual safe cracker from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a man-hating Buddhist bodyguard from a different time and place. 
She's a strong-willed insomniac angel fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a virginal hypochondriac hooker operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's an artistic mute advertising executive from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a high-kicking Buddhist barmaid from out of town. 
She's a vivacious red-headed stripper from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a plucky Bolivian lawyer with a flame-thrower. 
She's an orphaned wisecracking magician's assistant with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a blind tomboy archaeologist operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a vivacious kleptomaniac pearl diver with someone else's memories. 
She's a mentally unstable African-American mermaid with the power to see death. 
She's a blind mute advertising executive who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a brilliant impetuous soap star in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a supernatural renegade mercenary living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a chain-smoking streetsmart bodyguard trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a vivacious paranoid archaeologist with a knack for trouble. 
She's a violent snooty advertising executive on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a pregnant belly-dancing politician who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's an artistic tomboy wrestler with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a chain-smoking snooty wrestler fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a radical belly-dancing queen of the dead on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a wealthy renegade femme fatale who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a wealthy motormouth journalist operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a sarcastic antique-collecting former first lady who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a manipulative insomniac soap star descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a high-kicking snooty stripper living on borrowed time. 
She's an orphaned psychic college professor on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a violent belly-dancing politician with a flame-thrower. 
She's a scantily clad junkie museum curator with a flame-thrower. 
She's a virginal psychic museum curator with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a time-travelling communist Valkyrie who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a warm-hearted African-American socialite with an incredible destiny. 
She's a ditzy mute lawyer from Mars. 
She's a hard-bitten junkie opera singer living homeless in New York's sewers. filename: female copy 2.txt
1:She's an artistic mutant queen of the dead who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
2:She's a ditzy impetuous hooker from out of town. 
3:She's a cosmopolitan motormouth bodyguard with the power to see death. 
4:She's a sarcastic antique-collecting snake charmer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
5:She's a foxy blonde politician living homeless in New York's sewers. 
6:She's an elegant foul-mouthed lawyer from a different time and place. 
7:She's a provocative extravagent lawyer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
8:She's a chain-smoking antique-collecting single mother with only herself to blame. 
9:She's a wealthy bisexual hooker in the witness protection scheme. 
10:She's a warm-hearted kleptomaniac stripper from beyond the grave 
11:She's a foxy French-Canadian widow from the wrong side of the tracks. 
12:She's a sharp-shooting psychic widow from a secret island of warrior women. 
13:She's an enchanted gypsy politician with a knack for trouble. 
14:She's a time-travelling tomboy nun from aristocratic European stock. 
15:She's a sharp-shooting African-American schoolgirl from a secret island of warrior women. 
16:She's a man-hating kleptomaniac traffic cop with someone else's memories. 
17:She's a brilliant antique-collecting cab driver married to the Mob. 
18:She's a virginal winged Hell's Angel with an incredible destiny. 
19:She's a cynical Buddhist journalist with an incredible destiny. 
20:She's a radical punk detective from the wrong side of the tracks. 
21:She's a scantily clad thirtysomething detective with a flame-thrower. 
22:She's a man-hating gypsy cab driver from aristocratic European stock. 
23:She's an elegant French-Canadian barmaid from aristocratic European stock. 
24:She's a hard-bitten gold-digging wrestler with a knack for trouble. 
25:She's a chain-smoking gold-digging mercenary descended from a line of powerful witches. 
26:She's an orphaned paranoid traffic cop with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
27:She's a plucky green-skinned snake charmer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
28:She's a cynical gold-digging lawyer who can talk to animals. 
29:She's a green-fingered mutant snake charmer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
30:She's a mentally unstable mutant Hell's Angel with a flame-thrower. 
31:She's a vivacious impetuous queen of the dead looking for love in all the wrong places. 
32:She's a sarcastic African-American fairy princess from a different time and place. 
33:She's a wealthy thirtysomething mermaid with only herself to blame. 
34:She's a beautiful Bolivian safe cracker from a secret island of warrior women. 
35:She's a manipulative hip-hop snake charmer with an evil twin sister. 
36:She's a sarcastic psychic queen of the dead with an MBA from Harvard. 
37:She's a strong-willed psychic research scientist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
38:She's a green-fingered thirtysomething vampire with someone else's memories. 
39:She's a radical tomboy advertising executive from the wrong side of the tracks. 
40:She's a radical tomboy journalist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
41:She's a high-kicking motormouth mercenary from a different time and place. 
42:She's a mistrustful psychic bounty hunter who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
43:She's a radical out-of-work snake charmer operating on the wrong side of the law. 
44:She's a provocative goth vampire with someone else's memories. 
45:She's a mentally unstable impetuous single mother with a flame-thrower. 
46:She's an orphaned motormouth angel with only herself to blame. 
47:She's a cosmopolitan extravagent archaeologist with an incredible destiny. 
48:She's a high-kicking motormouth advertising executive married to the Mob. 
49:She's a manipulative gypsy mercenary living on borrowed time. 
50:She's a wealthy hip-hop mechanic prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
1:She's a green-fingered Bolivian advertising executive living homeless in New York's sewers. 
2:She's a hard-bitten tomboy museum curator with an MBA from Harvard. 
3:She's a plucky nymphomaniac traffic cop operating on the wrong side of the law. 
4:She's a cosmopolitan junkie fairy princess prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
5:She's a high-kicking punk queen of the dead with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
6:She's a transdimensional renegade safe cracker looking for love in all the wrong places. 
7:She's a warm-hearted bisexual barmaid with a flame-thrower. 
8:She's a vivacious red-headed wrestler from Mars. 
9:She's a blind thirtysomething mercenary from beyond the grave 
10:She's a mentally unstable punk mechanic with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
11:She's a tortured tempestuous bounty hunter with a knack for trouble. 
12:She's a mentally unstable goth Valkyrie who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
13:She's a tortured foul-mouthed femme fatale from a secret island of warrior women. 
14:She's a green-fingered green-skinned queen of the dead who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
15:She's a vivacious paranoid vampire descended from a line of powerful witches. 
16:She's a brilliant antique-collecting hooker looking for love in all the wrong places. 
17:She's an enchanted cat-loving nun living on borrowed time. 
18:She's a sarcastic red-headed mermaid who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
19:She's a provocative gold-digging fairy princess who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
20:She's a disco-crazy antique-collecting schoolgirl from a family of eight older brothers. 
21:She's a chain-smoking goth college professor from out of town. 
22:She's a provocative gold-digging hooker with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
23:She's a blind tomboy mermaid on the trail of a serial killer. 
24:She's a provocative Bolivian college professor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
25:She's a wealthy red-headed hooker operating on the wrong side of the law. 
26:She's a vivacious kleptomaniac soap star who don't take no shit from nobody. 
27:She's a sarcastic insomniac angel from a secret island of warrior women. 
28:She's a foxy kleptomaniac femme fatale from aristocratic European stock. 
29:She's a mentally unstable hypochondriac angel with only herself to blame. 
30:She's a vivacious snooty safe cracker prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
31:She's a ditzy tempestuous lawyer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
32:She's an elegant red-headed doctor married to the Mob. 
33:She's a high-kicking renegade vampire descended from a line of powerful witches. 
34:She's a manipulative red-headed bodyguard with someone else's memories. 
35:She's an enchanted Buddhist barmaid operating on the wrong side of the law. 
36:She's a bloodthirsty tempestuous nun living homeless in New York's sewers. 
37:She's a chain-smoking hypochondriac politician operating on the wrong side of the law. 
38:She's a sarcastic hypochondriac journalist trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
39:She's a brilliant psychic queen of the dead with someone else's memories. 
40:She's a man-hating impetuous lawyer with an MBA from Harvard. 
41:She's an elegant renegade soap star fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
42:She's an elegant motormouth detective from a different time and place. 
43:She's a virginal bisexual bodyguard from beyond the grave 
44:She's a man-hating punk mechanic looking for love in all the wrong places. 
45:She's a hard-bitten motormouth college professor operating on the wrong side of the law. 
46:She's a supernatural psychic bounty hunter with her own daytime radio talk show. 
47:She's a disco-crazy paranoid magician's assistant in the witness protection scheme. 
48:She's a cynical insomniac wrestler in the witness protection scheme. 
49:She's a transdimensional foul-mouthed magician's assistant from a different time and place. 
50:She's a vivacious kleptomaniac safe cracker in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
filename: female copy 3.txt
She's a ditzy blonde wrestler from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's an elegant junkie widow fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a tortured Bolivian angel with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a wealthy snooty schoolgirl living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a transdimensional foul-mouthed opera singer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a warm-hearted Buddhist cab driver from beyond the grave 
She's a hard-bitten junkie museum curator on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's an artistic foul-mouthed snake charmer from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a man-hating cigar-chomping single mother married to the Mob. 
She's an elegant bisexual Hell's Angel fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a supernatural paranoid snake charmer on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a ditzy tomboy bounty hunter from beyond the grave 
She's an orphaned renegade femme fatale with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a man-hating red-headed mercenary with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a brilliant out-of-work mechanic who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a time-travelling tomboy Hell's Angel with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a plucky Buddhist widow from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a time-travelling communist socialite who can talk to animals. 
She's a sharp-shooting Buddhist socialite who can talk to animals. 
She's a man-hating tempestuous single mother on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a warm-hearted nymphomaniac safe cracker with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a scantily clad foul-mouthed barmaid operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a scantily clad winged advertising executive from out of town. 
She's a tortured French-Canadian hooker with only herself to blame. 
She's a transdimensional communist lawyer who can talk to animals. 
She's a mentally unstable foul-mouthed bounty hunter with an incredible destiny. 
She's a chain-smoking insomniac bounty hunter on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a cold-hearted communist fairy princess operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a hard-bitten goth femme fatale prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a pregnant gypsy former first lady who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a man-hating goth schoolgirl with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a sarcastic wisecracking snake charmer from out of town. 
She's a pregnant insomniac single mother from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a virginal streetsmart femme fatale with an evil twin sister. 
She's an artistic winged research scientist living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a wealthy Buddhist museum curator prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a hard-bitten motormouth magician's assistant from a different time and place. 
She's a cosmopolitan antique-collecting archaeologist from out of town. 
She's a high-kicking Buddhist cab driver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a plucky nymphomaniac schoolgirl from out of town. 
She's a chain-smoking tempestuous lawyer operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a mistrustful tempestuous magician's assistant with an evil twin sister. 
She's a high-kicking extravagent doctor with a knack for trouble. 
She's a man-hating red-headed journalist with someone else's memories. 
She's a cosmopolitan wisecracking cab driver who can talk to animals. 
She's a violent extravagent soap star with a knack for trouble. 
She's a violent insomniac mermaid from beyond the grave 
She's a beautiful renegade pearl diver with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a strong-willed gypsy bounty hunter from out of town. 
She's a supernatural insomniac socialite with a flame-thrower. 
filename: female copy.txt
She's a virginal tempestuous lawyer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a vivacious foul-mouthed nun with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a supernatural junkie nun with a flame-thrower.
She's a cosmopolitan out-of-work journalist from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a manipulative cat-loving mechanic who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a disco-crazy green-skinned vampire on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a disco-crazy bisexual femme fatale with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
She's a supernatural bisexual magician's assistant with only herself to blame.
She's a radical impetuous soap star who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a brilliant tempestuous snake charmer operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's an elegant mute safe cracker from out of town.
She's a cold-hearted blonde former first lady from a different time and place.
She's an artistic Bolivian widow with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a violent goth archaeologist with a flame-thrower.
She's a radical thirtysomething doctor descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a brilliant tomboy stripper trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's a beautiful paranoid advertising executive descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a pregnant communist wrestler with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a bloodthirsty psychic angel fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a high-kicking foul-mouthed queen of the dead from aristocratic European stock.
She's a green-fingered streetsmart nun who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a provocative out-of-work single mother with the power to see death.
She's a cold-hearted renegade vampire on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a tortured foul-mouthed magician's assistant living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a mistrustful green-skinned magician's assistant married to the Mob.
She's a manipulative nymphomaniac mermaid with the power to see death.
She's a time-travelling cigar-chomping detective from Mars.
She's an orphaned thirtysomething bounty hunter from aristocratic European stock.
She's a hard-bitten mutant angel on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a supernatural insomniac femme fatale in the witness protection scheme.
She's an elegant foul-mouthed stripper who can talk to animals.
She's a sharp-shooting antique-collecting magician's assistant trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's an elegant psychic widow living on borrowed time.
She's a violent Bolivian single mother who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's an enchanted junkie angel fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a manipulative gypsy former first lady with the power to bend men's minds.
She's a manipulative red-headed angel from out of town.
She's an elegant mute cab driver who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a virginal wisecracking lawyer from a different time and place.
She's a bloodthirsty tempestuous angel with someone else's memories.
She's a time-travelling tomboy opera singer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a manipulative kleptomaniac journalist with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a chain-smoking hypochondriac lawyer who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a brilliant psychic archaeologist married to the Mob.
She's a high-kicking nymphomaniac stripper looking for love in all the wrong places.
She's a green-fingered snooty queen of the dead married to the Mob.
She's an elegant renegade magician's assistant in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She's a brilliant mute pearl diver on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's an orphaned antique-collecting bodyguard with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a mistrustful hypochondriac advertising executive with a flame-thrower.
filename: FemaleHeroes.txt
She's a green-fingered motormouth traffic cop with an MBA from Harvard
She's a disco-crazy snooty Valkyrie with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a man-hating communist journalist descended from a line of powerful witches
She's a virginal kleptomaniac schoolgirl with her own daytime radio talk show
She's a scantily clad foul-mouthed Valkyrie fleeing from a Satanic cult
She's a provocative mute magician's assistant fleeing from a Satanic cult
She's a vivacious cat-loving former first lady with the power to bend men's minds
She's a high-kicking paranoid mermaid from a different time and place
She's an enchanted belly-dancing mechanic with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
She's a wealthy motormouth museum curator from Mars
She's a wealthy motormouth wrestler with a flame-thrower
She's a cold-hearted renegade single mother in the witness protection scheme
She's a cold-hearted foul-mouthed magician's assistant with only herself to blame
She's a tortured punk lawyer with the power to see death
She's a radical punk doctor from beyond the grave They fight crime!
She's a sharp-shooting mutant Hell's Angel from beyond the grave They fight crime!
She's a ditzy cigar-chomping hooker with a flame-thrower
She's a supernatural tomboy traffic cop with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a scantily clad mutant detective from aristocratic European stock
She's a foxy hip-hop wrestler with an MBA from Harvard
She's a plucky extravagent hooker with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a plucky psychic politician from the wrong side of the tracks
She's a transdimensional gypsy journalist from out of town
She's a provocative blonde bounty hunter who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
She's a man-hating wisecracking detective in the wrong place at the wrong time
She's a plucky kleptomaniac traffic cop with an MBA from Harvard
She's a virginal gold-digging stripper with an MBA from Harvard
She's a bloodthirsty antique-collecting snake charmer who don't take no shit from nobody
She's a chain-smoking extravagent queen of the dead who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
She's a cynical mute bodyguard with an incredible destiny
She's a strong-willed motormouth mercenary who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
She's a virginal renegade widow with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a mistrustful wisecracking mercenary with the power to see death
She's a pregnant paranoid mechanic prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
She's a brilliant insomniac single mother with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
She's a hard-bitten hip-hop fairy princess from beyond the grave They fight crime!
She's a pregnant wisecracking mermaid from the wrong side of the tracks
She's a tortured Bolivian nun with only herself to blame
She's a transdimensional goth stripper who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
She's an artistic mutant cab driver living homeless in New York's sewers
She's a mentally unstable hypochondriac nun with a knack for trouble
She's a cosmopolitan cigar-chomping pearl diver married to the Mob
She's a manipulative cigar-chomping mechanic fleeing from a Satanic cult
She's a green-fingered cat-loving single mother trying to make a difference in a man's world
She's a wealthy insomniac mercenary in the witness protection scheme
She's a foxy snooty bounty hunter looking for love in all the wrong places
She's a supernatural red-headed barmaid fleeing from a Satanic cult
She's a psychotic blonde journalist with a knack for trouble
She's a transdimensional renegade single mother who dreams of becoming Elvis
She's an artistic tempestuous traffic cop from the wrong side of the tracksfilename: she copy.txt
 a wealthy gold-digging schoolgirl prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 a transdimensional kleptomaniac detective from beyond the grave
 a man-hating winged nun trying to make a difference in a man\'s world.
 a provocative red-headed hooker with the soul of a mighty warrior.
 a blind mute soap star who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 a virginal mutant bodyguard from a different time and place.
 a vivacious Bolivian college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior.
 a supernatural blonde cab driver in the witness protection scheme.
 a man-hating kleptomaniac barmaid with a flame-thrower.
 a pregnant red-headed magician\'s assistant with a flame-thrower.
 a strong-willed mute safe cracker who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
 an elegant hip-hop politician from Mars.
 a cosmopolitan hypochondriac femme fatale from Mars.
 a psychotic hip-hop wrestler with her own daytime radio talk show.
 a blind tempestuous soap star who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
 a strong-willed renegade Hell\'s Angel with someone else\'s memories.
 a cynical blonde lawyer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
 a cynical wisecracking socialite from beyond the grave
 a man-hating thirtysomething soap star who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
 a green-fingered impetuous barmaid from beyond the grave
 a green-fingered impetuous nun with the power to see death.
 a beautiful punk research scientist with the power to bend men\'s minds.
 a cold-hearted cigar-chomping bounty hunter with only herself to blame.
 a supernatural gold-digging mermaid with an evil twin sister.
 a brilliant streetsmart bounty hunter with an MBA from Harvard.
 an orphaned cigar-chomping doctor in the wrong place at the wrong time.
 a transdimensional belly-dancing widow from aristocratic European stock.
 a cynical gypsy pearl diver with the power to bend men\'s minds.
 a beautiful gold-digging socialite on the trail of a serial killer.
 a virginal mute fairy princess on her way to prison for a murder she didn\'t commit.
 a warm-hearted French-Canadian journalist looking for love in all the wrong places.
 a sharp-shooting African-American mechanic with the power to see death.
 a beautiful paranoid college professor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 a disco-crazy motormouth magician\'s assistant from beyond the grave
 a foxy tomboy vampire on her way to prison for a murder she didn\'t commit.
 a pregnant thirtysomething barmaid from a different time and place.
 a scantily clad hypochondriac widow married to the Mob.
 a chain-smoking wisecracking mermaid from a family of eight older brothers.
 a violent nymphomaniac single mother on the trail of a serial killer.
 a chain-smoking mutant queen of the dead who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 an elegant wisecracking college professor with a flame-thrower.
 a sharp-shooting renegade soap star looking for love in all the wrong places.
 a blind wisecracking bounty hunter from a different time and place.
 a sharp-shooting wisecracking wrestler from beyond the grave
 a blind out-of-work barmaid with a flame-thrower.
 an artistic green-skinned archaeologist married to the Mob.
 a high-kicking cigar-chomping opera singer on the trail of a serial killer.
 a tortured kleptomaniac wrestler prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 a transdimensional mute fairy princess who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 an artistic winged mermaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
filename: Female_Characters.txt
She's a cosmopolitan mutant fairy princess descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a foxy kleptomaniac politician on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a pregnant hip-hop socialite prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a cosmopolitan red-headed lawyer who can talk to animals. 
She's a cold-hearted tomboy college professor with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a cynical renegade detective married to the Mob. 
She's a bloodthirsty tomboy bodyguard operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a vivacious streetsmart queen of the dead with someone else's memories. 
She's an orphaned insomniac barmaid from a different time and place. 
She's a chain-smoking thirtysomething mermaid with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a manipulative snooty angel in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a violent mute femme fatale from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a manipulative gold-digging museum curator with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a brilliant mute opera singer with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a supernatural bisexual nun fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a provocative African-American stripper with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a cosmopolitan hip-hop wrestler operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a supernatural cat-loving archaeologist fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a transdimensional paranoid traffic cop with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a chain-smoking hypochondriac Valkyrie living on borrowed time. 
She's a cynical punk traffic cop living on borrowed time. 
She's a plucky motormouth magician's assistant prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a blind motormouth femme fatale from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a supernatural insomniac safe cracker who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a tortured African-American snake charmer with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's an orphaned blonde wrestler with the power to see death. 
She's a cold-hearted motormouth Valkyrie living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a strong-willed green-skinned stripper fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a manipulative mutant opera singer from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a man-hating Buddhist detective who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a manipulative gold-digging single mother who can talk to animals. 
She's a warm-hearted red-headed schoolgirl who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a cold-hearted African-American politician who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a violent cat-loving magician's assistant in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a time-travelling psychic bounty hunter with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a supernatural Bolivian mercenary trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a ditzy Buddhist socialite who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's an orphaned cat-loving college professor with an evil twin sister. 
She's a cosmopolitan extravagent cab driver living on borrowed time. 
She's a scantily clad mute traffic cop with a knack for trouble. 
She's an artistic motormouth Hell's Angel with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a radical nymphomaniac hooker who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a disco-crazy foul-mouthed angel married to the Mob. 
She's a strong-willed kleptomaniac politician with an evil twin sister. 
She's an artistic punk stripper with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a vivacious thirtysomething vampire descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a man-hating cigar-chomping soap star who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a radical cat-loving archaeologist descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a scantily clad bisexual mechanic living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a disco-crazy kleptomaniac pearl diver fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
filename: shes.txt
1. She's a wealthy renegade former first lady who don't take no shit from nobody
2. She's a sharp-shooting streetsmart magician's assistant descended from a line of powerful witches
3. She's a foxy antique-collecting bounty hunter who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
4. She's a vivacious extravagent former first lady from Mars
5. She's a strong-willed tempestuous bodyguard who can talk to animals
6. She's a transdimensional extravagent lawyer who can talk to animals
7. She's a time-travelling green-skinned barmaid from a different time and place
8. She's a warm-hearted impetuous angel with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
9. She's an orphaned cat-loving advertising executive who dreams of becoming Elvis
10. She's a provocative antique-collecting vampire from beyond the grav
11. She's a plucky foul-mouthed wrestler descended from a line of powerful witches
12. She's a wealthy punk fairy princess on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
13. She's a cosmopolitan goth vampire trying to make a difference in a man's world
14. She's a green-fingered communist femme fatale with a knack for trouble
15. She's an artistic Bolivian advertising executive trying to make a difference in a man's world
16. She's a pregnant tempestuous safe cracker living on borrowed time
17. She's a brilliant cat-loving snake charmer married to the Mob
18. She's a hard-bitten red-headed Valkyrie from a different time and place
19. She's a disco-crazy goth cab driver on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
20. She's a bloodthirsty gold-digging single mother with the soul of a mighty warrior
21. She's a hard-bitten gold-digging schoolgirl from Mars
22. She's a green-fingered French-Canadian nun with only herself to blame
23. She's a cynical blonde Hell's Angel with an incredible destiny
24. She's a green-fingered tomboy angel with her own daytime radio talk show
25. She's a green-fingered thirtysomething advertising executive from aristocratic European stock
26. She's a sarcastic blonde lawyer with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
27. She's a cold-hearted mute soap star operating on the wrong side of the law
28. She's a strong-willed blonde schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
29. She's a foxy French-Canadian bodyguard with an MBA from Harvard
30. She's a brilliant gold-digging cab driver living homeless in New York's sewers
31. She's a foxy kleptomaniac opera singer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
32. She's a sarcastic kleptomaniac traffic cop operating on the wrong side of the law
33. She's a cold-hearted goth barmaid on the trail of a serial killer
34. She's a supernatural impetuous fairy princess in the wrong place at the wrong time
35. She's a bloodthirsty wisecracking nun with the power to bend men's minds
36. She's an orphaned goth detective who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
37. She's a tortured antique-collecting college professor with her own daytime radio talk show
38. She's a plucky African-American mermaid in the witness protection scheme
39. She's a man-hating impetuous journalist from a secret island of warrior women
40. She's a cold-hearted nymphomaniac opera singer from out of town
41. She's an artistic paranoid soap star from out of town
42. She's a psychotic punk research scientist in the witness protection scheme
43. She's a bloodthirsty cat-loving pearl diver living homeless in New York's sewers
44. She's a plucky out-of-work soap star with the soul of a mighty warrior
45. She's a mentally unstable hypochondriac bounty hunter who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
46. She's a pregnant motormouth archaeologist descended from a line of powerful witches
47. She's a warm-hearted gypsy politician with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
48. She's a provocative belly-dancing mercenary who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
49. She's a violent African-American advertising executive from a family of eight older brothers
50. She's an enchanted motormouth archaeologist married to the Mob
filename: shesfile.txt
She\'s a virginal communist Valkyrie operating on the wrong side of the law.
She\'s a blind paranoid advertising executive with a knack for trouble.
She\'s a manipulative African-American doctor with a birthmark shaped like Liberty\'s torch.
She\'s a high-kicking belly-dancing widow who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She\'s a strong-willed punk fairy princess married to the Mob.
She\'s a wealthy green-skinned stripper from beyond the grave
She\'s a mistrustful gold-digging widow with a birthmark shaped like Liberty\'s torch.
She\'s a time-travelling extravagent stripper fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She\'s a man-hating mutant Hell\'s Angel with only herself to blame.
She\'s a scantily clad antique-collecting schoolgirl with an incredible destiny.
She\'s a high-kicking antique-collecting college professor with a birthmark shaped like Liberty\'s torch.
She\'s a disco-crazy antique-collecting college professor with the power to bend men\'s minds.
She\'s a beautiful French-Canadian schoolgirl who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She\'s a cold-hearted thirtysomething politician from aristocratic European stock.
She\'s a sharp-shooting bisexual snake charmer with an MBA from Harvard.
She\'s a radical French-Canadian journalist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She\'s a brilliant gypsy queen of the dead living homeless in New York\'s sewers.
She\'s an artistic communist former first lady with an evil twin sister.
She\'s a psychotic motormouth stripper who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She\'s a green-fingered kleptomaniac college professor on her way to prison for a murder she didn\'t commit.
She\'s a cold-hearted foul-mouthed advertising executive with the power to see death.
She\'s an orphaned communist traffic cop from the wrong side of the tracks.
She\'s a violent green-skinned nun in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She\'s a tortured foul-mouthed hooker with an MBA from Harvard.
She\'s a sharp-shooting mutant college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She\'s an elegant motormouth mermaid married to the Mob.
She\'s a bloodthirsty Bolivian mermaid with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She\'s an artistic belly-dancing snake charmer living on borrowed time.
She\'s a tortured cat-loving schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn\'t commit.
She\'s a brilliant communist lawyer trying to make a difference in a man\'s world.
She\'s a wealthy communist Valkyrie with her own daytime radio talk show.
She\'s a virginal tomboy traffic cop with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She\'s a scantily clad psychic former first lady with her own daytime radio talk show.
She\'s an enchanted streetsmart single mother with a birthmark shaped like Liberty\'s torch.
She\'s a brilliant hypochondriac soap star with a knack for trouble.
She\'s a brilliant red-headed nun operating on the wrong side of the law.
She\'s an artistic red-headed mercenary with an incredible destiny.
She\'s a cynical hypochondriac advertising executive living homeless in New York\'s sewers.
She\'s a wealthy nymphomaniac advertising executive fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She\'s a cold-hearted antique-collecting socialite who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She\'s a vivacious tempestuous bounty hunter who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She\'s a cynical renegade nun from the wrong side of the tracks.
She\'s a radical streetsmart museum curator looking for love in all the wrong places.
She\'s an artistic French-Canadian cab driver on her way to prison for a murder she didn\'t commit.
She\'s a strong-willed winged former first lady with an incredible destiny.
She\'s a green-fingered Buddhist research scientist with the power to bend men\'s minds.
She\'s a high-kicking tomboy single mother with an MBA from Harvard.
She\'s a bloodthirsty punk archaeologist from beyond the grave
She\'s a high-kicking blonde detective with a flame-thrower.
She\'s a disco-crazy psychic angel with a knack for trouble.
filename: Female_data.csv
,Female
0,a beautiful nymphomaniac mermaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
1,a manipulative psychic mermaid living homeless in New York's sewers.
2,a transdimensional streetsmart nun descended from a line of powerful witches.
3,a sarcastic green-skinned traffic cop who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
4,a tortured bisexual snake charmer who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
5,a disco-crazy thirtysomething socialite who dreams of becoming Elvis.
6,a warm-hearted cigar-chomping journalist on the trail of a serial killer.
7,a supernatural antique-collecting stripper in the wrong place at the wrong time.
8,a cold-hearted cat-loving nun operating on the wrong side of the law.
9,a tortured motormouth traffic cop with an incredible destiny.
10,a supernatural gypsy angel from the wrong side of the tracks.
11,a mentally unstable nymphomaniac femme fatale from a secret island of warrior women.
12,a strong-willed tempestuous nun descended from a line of powerful witches.
13,a tortured goth cab driver with a flame-thrower.
14,a wealthy African-American mermaid from out of town.
15,a sharp-shooting gypsy advertising executive with an evil twin sister.
16,a mentally unstable French-Canadian college professor on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
17,an orphaned foul-mouthed research scientist who don't take no shit from nobody.
18,a violent kleptomaniac detective who can talk to animals.
19,a psychotic motormouth soap star from out of town.
20,a strong-willed psychic cab driver operating on the wrong side of the law.
21,a vivacious mute schoolgirl with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
22,a violent Bolivian wrestler with a knack for trouble.
23,a manipulative gold-digging stripper fleeing from a Satanic cult.
24,a tortured cat-loving lawyer from a family of eight older brothers.
25,a hard-bitten wisecracking wrestler trying to make a difference in a man's world.
26,a ditzy gold-digging politician with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
27,a chain-smoking psychic museum curator from a secret island of warrior women.
28,an elegant blonde mercenary descended from a line of powerful witches.
29,an orphaned streetsmart widow with only herself to blame.
30,a sharp-shooting hip-hop soap star fleeing from a Satanic cult.
31,a blind gold-digging single mother from a family of eight older brothers.
32,a plucky tomboy museum curator living homeless in New York's sewers.
33,a manipulative antique-collecting wrestler from the wrong side of the tracks.
34,a mentally unstable insomniac widow from a different time and place.
35,a psychotic insomniac detective with the soul of a mighty warrior.
36,a tortured thirtysomething bounty hunter married to the Mob.
37,a transdimensional green-skinned former first lady with a flame-thrower.
38,a cold-hearted French-Canadian fairy princess who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
39,an elegant mutant research scientist descended from a line of powerful witches.
40,a high-kicking punk Valkyrie living homeless in New York's sewers.
41,a ditzy mute college professor on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
42,a supernatural communist doctor from aristocratic European stock.
43,a disco-crazy psychic traffic cop from the wrong side of the tracks.
44,a vivacious cigar-chomping hooker on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
45,an elegant insomniac angel with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
46,"a psychotic renegade politician prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage."
47,a hard-bitten mute Valkyrie who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
48,a foxy French-Canadian museum curator with the power to see death.
49,an enchanted mute angel married to the Mob.
filename: femalefile.txt
She's a pregnant mutant soap star with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a provocative bisexual pearl diver from a different time and place. 
She's an elegant blonde traffic cop in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a psychotic nymphomaniac vampire with only herself to blame. 
She's a beautiful gypsy fairy princess married to the Mob. 
She's a provocative cat-loving fairy princess from beyond the grave 
She's a hard-bitten antique-collecting opera singer descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a man-hating renegade femme fatale on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a scantily clad paranoid archaeologist from a different time and place. 
She's an artistic belly-dancing former first lady who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a hard-bitten kleptomaniac advertising executive from beyond the grave 
She's a virginal Buddhist archaeologist in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a cosmopolitan extravagent femme fatale with an incredible destiny. 
She's a brilliant psychic archaeologist from a different time and place. 
She's a transdimensional snooty college professor who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a cosmopolitan hip-hop opera singer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a violent blonde mercenary who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a mistrustful bisexual widow who can talk to animals. 
She's an orphaned tempestuous mermaid fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a sharp-shooting extravagent journalist in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a cold-hearted wisecracking femme fatale with the power to see death. 
She's a supernatural mutant nun with the power to see death. 
She's an enchanted insomniac museum curator from beyond the grave 
She's a warm-hearted winged archaeologist from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a disco-crazy impetuous former first lady with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a strong-willed gold-digging Hell's Angel with a flame-thrower. 
She's a cold-hearted snooty bodyguard with an incredible destiny. 
She's a virginal antique-collecting vampire from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a sharp-shooting thirtysomething angel looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a scantily clad mutant traffic cop on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a psychotic Buddhist stripper from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a supernatural junkie journalist who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a time-travelling winged femme fatale from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's an enchanted foul-mouthed bounty hunter who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a strong-willed communist lawyer who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a brilliant winged lawyer with a knack for trouble. 
She's an enchanted snooty mercenary fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a hard-bitten goth socialite with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a cosmopolitan wisecracking pearl diver with someone else's memories. 
She's a time-travelling cat-loving opera singer who can talk to animals. 
She's a transdimensional impetuous journalist married to the Mob. 
She's a beautiful cigar-chomping doctor with an evil twin sister. 
She's a sharp-shooting red-headed traffic cop who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a ditzy communist socialite from beyond the grave 
She's a strong-willed wisecracking research scientist from beyond the grave 
She's a psychotic hypochondriac nun fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a provocative gold-digging fairy princess from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a wealthy blonde magician's assistant with the power to see death. 
She's a sarcastic renegade bodyguard from beyond the grave 
She's a supernatural belly-dancing mercenary with an incredible destiny. 
filename: female.txt
 She's a cold-hearted cat-loving detective trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's a cynical extravagent mercenary with the power to see death
 She's a psychotic African-American schoolgirl with only herself to blame
 She's a ditzy insomniac museum curator living homeless in New York's sewers
 She's a scantily clad belly-dancing lawyer married to the Mob
 She's a pregnant thirtysomething nun with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a time-travelling gypsy archaeologist from beyond the grave 
 She's a psychotic cigar-chomping stripper descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a supernatural antique-collecting nun trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's a time-travelling junkie fairy princess who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
 She's a time-travelling streetsmart advertising executive with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a radical mute stripper on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's an artistic nymphomaniac snake charmer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
 She's a warm-hearted mutant doctor with an evil twin sister
 She's a bloodthirsty insomniac soap star with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a bloodthirsty paranoid wrestler from a different time and place
 She's an elegant hypochondriac archaeologist from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's a green-fingered junkie mermaid married to the Mob
 She's a hard-bitten green-skinned museum curator who can talk to animals
 She's a provocative communist former first lady who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
 She's a ditzy African-American doctor living on borrowed time
 She's a time-travelling gold-digging advertising executive with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a high-kicking Buddhist cab driver on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's a radical goth Valkyrie from a secret island of warrior women
 She's a plucky tempestuous barmaid from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's a brilliant French-Canadian wrestler with a flame-thrower
 She's a warm-hearted insomniac mermaid who can talk to animals
 She's an enchanted belly-dancing Hell's Angel with an incredible destiny
 She's a psychotic mutant Hell's Angel with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a cynical French-Canadian safe cracker prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
 She's a beautiful renegade museum curator who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a cosmopolitan goth nun with the power to see death
 She's an orphaned psychic vampire in the witness protection scheme
 She's a cold-hearted punk college professor with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a plucky junkie magician's assistant on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's a ditzy Buddhist mechanic on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's a virginal cigar-chomping mechanic prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
 She's a man-hating nymphomaniac femme fatale from a different time and place
 She's a radical African-American politician on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's a wealthy renegade stripper with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a virginal nymphomaniac queen of the dead operating on the wrong side of the law
 She's a sharp-shooting bisexual hooker with a knack for trouble
 She's a foxy mute former first lady with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a bloodthirsty Buddhist mechanic with a knack for trouble
 She's a sarcastic French-Canadian college professor with her own daytime radio talk show
 She's a sarcastic out-of-work hooker who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a pregnant winged museum curator from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's an enchanted goth pearl diver descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a scantily clad extravagent magician's assistant with an MBA from Harvard
 She's a man-hating streetsmart traffic cop from aristocratic European stock


filename: SHE.txt
She's a bloodthirsty motormouth lawyer from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a plucky kleptomaniac stripper from Mars. 
She's a violent extravagent detective living on borrowed time. 
She's a violent red-headed angel with an incredible destiny. 
She's a scantily clad nymphomaniac schoolgirl from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a wealthy tomboy museum curator from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a cold-hearted goth snake charmer from out of town. 
She's an artistic tomboy Valkyrie who can talk to animals. 
She's a vivacious nymphomaniac doctor in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a ditzy extravagent angel from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a mistrustful junkie Hell's Angel on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a man-hating blonde schoolgirl from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a cold-hearted tempestuous schoolgirl living on borrowed time. 
She's a violent extravagent socialite from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a sharp-shooting kleptomaniac mercenary married to the Mob. 
She's a virginal hypochondriac nun in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a supernatural wisecracking mechanic with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a manipulative renegade snake charmer fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a ditzy hip-hop pearl diver with the power to see death. 
She's a pregnant tomboy barmaid prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's an enchanted kleptomaniac soap star with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a ditzy cat-loving politician with an evil twin sister. 
She's a supernatural impetuous stripper with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's an elegant kleptomaniac mermaid on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a transdimensional gypsy doctor from out of town. 
She's a pregnant mute angel from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a warm-hearted paranoid fairy princess living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a plucky hypochondriac Valkyrie from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a bloodthirsty African-American fairy princess from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's an orphaned motormouth femme fatale with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a virginal red-headed widow with a knack for trouble. 
She's a radical belly-dancing traffic cop from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a chain-smoking out-of-work safe cracker living on borrowed time. 
She's a psychotic antique-collecting barmaid living on borrowed time. 
She's a disco-crazy cigar-chomping wrestler married to the Mob. 
She's an orphaned renegade femme fatale from Mars. 
She's a psychotic impetuous detective who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a chain-smoking snooty archaeologist living on borrowed time. 
She's a tortured junkie mermaid from beyond the grave 
She's an artistic French-Canadian bounty hunter with the power to see death. 
She's an enchanted nymphomaniac widow trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a cold-hearted foul-mouthed pearl diver with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a sharp-shooting gold-digging research scientist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's an elegant winged former first lady with the power to see death. 
She's a sarcastic hip-hop former first lady from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a violent mute journalist from beyond the grave 
She's a cynical blonde politician on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a strong-willed out-of-work pearl diver from a different time and place. 
She's a time-travelling French-Canadian socialite with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a cynical belly-dancing bodyguard in the witness protection scheme. 