She's a pregnant mutant soap star with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a provocative bisexual pearl diver from a different time and place. 
She's an elegant blonde traffic cop in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a psychotic nymphomaniac vampire with only herself to blame. 
She's a beautiful gypsy fairy princess married to the Mob. 
She's a provocative cat-loving fairy princess from beyond the grave 
She's a hard-bitten antique-collecting opera singer descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a man-hating renegade femme fatale on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a scantily clad paranoid archaeologist from a different time and place. 
She's an artistic belly-dancing former first lady who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a hard-bitten kleptomaniac advertising executive from beyond the grave 
She's a virginal Buddhist archaeologist in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a cosmopolitan extravagent femme fatale with an incredible destiny. 
She's a brilliant psychic archaeologist from a different time and place. 
She's a transdimensional snooty college professor who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a cosmopolitan hip-hop opera singer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a violent blonde mercenary who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a mistrustful bisexual widow who can talk to animals. 
She's an orphaned tempestuous mermaid fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a sharp-shooting extravagent journalist in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a cold-hearted wisecracking femme fatale with the power to see death. 
She's a supernatural mutant nun with the power to see death. 
She's an enchanted insomniac museum curator from beyond the grave 
She's a warm-hearted winged archaeologist from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a disco-crazy impetuous former first lady with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a strong-willed gold-digging Hell's Angel with a flame-thrower. 
She's a cold-hearted snooty bodyguard with an incredible destiny. 
She's a virginal antique-collecting vampire from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a sharp-shooting thirtysomething angel looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a scantily clad mutant traffic cop on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a psychotic Buddhist stripper from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a supernatural junkie journalist who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a time-travelling winged femme fatale from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's an enchanted foul-mouthed bounty hunter who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a strong-willed communist lawyer who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a brilliant winged lawyer with a knack for trouble. 
She's an enchanted snooty mercenary fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a hard-bitten goth socialite with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a cosmopolitan wisecracking pearl diver with someone else's memories. 
She's a time-travelling cat-loving opera singer who can talk to animals. 
She's a transdimensional impetuous journalist married to the Mob. 
She's a beautiful cigar-chomping doctor with an evil twin sister. 
She's a sharp-shooting red-headed traffic cop who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a ditzy communist socialite from beyond the grave 
She's a strong-willed wisecracking research scientist from beyond the grave 
She's a psychotic hypochondriac nun fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a provocative gold-digging fairy princess from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a wealthy blonde magician's assistant with the power to see death. 
She's a sarcastic renegade bodyguard from beyond the grave 
She's a supernatural belly-dancing mercenary with an incredible destiny. 
