He's a fast talking day-dreaming gentleman spy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a scrappy day-dreaming dwarf from the 'hood. 
He's a witless gay waffle chef who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's an obese flyboy inventor who believes he can never love again. 
He's an old-fashioned day-dreaming werewolf on a mission from God. 
He's a gun-slinging arachnophobic vagrant on his last day in the job. 
He's a Nobel prize-winning sweet-toothed vampire hunter on a mission from God. 
He's an otherworldly flyboy librarian fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's an immortal pirate paranormal investigator with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a notorious Republican librarian with nothing left to lose. 
He's a scarfaced white trash romance novelist who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an underprivileged amnesiac ex-con on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a bookish Jewish werewolf haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a time-tossed one-eyed boxer with a secret. 
He's an immortal guitar-strumming assassin fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's an obese misogynist barbarian on a mission from God. 
He's a bookish zombie jungle king trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a lonely soccer-playing boxer for the 21st century. 
He's an unconventional dishevelled dwarf on the edge. 
He's an uncontrollable neurotic dog-catcher who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a fiendish moralistic hairdresser who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a bookish hunchbacked photographer searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a deeply religious devious hairdresser with acid for blood. 
He's a globe-trotting misogynist vampire hunter on a mission from God. 
He's an all-American umbrella-wielding dwarf with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a suave Republican filmmaker on a mission from God. 
He's a hate-fuelled bohemian paranormal investigator on the wrong side of the law. 
He's an unconventional dishevelled assassin with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a lonely crooked card sharp from the 'hood. 
He's an immortal voodoo rock star on the edge. 
He's a bookish native American romance novelist whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a notorious gay househusband with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a leather-clad guerilla matador from the 'hood. 
He's a lonely vegetarian senator living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a hate-fuelled umbrella-wielding househusband who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an all-American Amish househusband who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a suave Republican grifter with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a superhumanly strong small-town paranormal investigator on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's an unconventional umbrella-wielding ex-con gone bad. 
He's a jaded hunchbacked vagrant from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a fast talking day-dreaming farmboy looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an obese misogynist cyborg from a doomed world. 
He's a superhumanly strong Catholic grifter from the 'hood. 
He's an underprivileged ninja gangster haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an otherworldly bohemian dwarf with acid for blood. 
He's a shy soccer-playing gentleman spy with no name. 
He's a one-legged Jewish paramedic from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a maverick drug-addicted paramedic looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a fiendish alcoholic shaman fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's a leather-clad guitar-strumming romance novelist on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
