He's an otherworldly drug-addicted boxer looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a genetically engineered alcoholic barbarian with acid for blood. 
He's a genetically engineered crooked waffle chef trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a maverick one-eyed stage actor who believes he can never love again. 
He's a scarfaced sweet-toothed card sharp with acid for blood. 
He's an otherworldly sweet-toothed ex-con from a doomed world. 
He's a gun-slinging guerilla shaman on a mission from God. 
He's an uncontrollable flyboy assassin with no name. 
He's a deeply religious umbrella-wielding firefighter who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a deeply religious Republican filmmaker looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an immortal day-dreaming Green Beret haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an obese gay cyborg with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a lonely voodoo shaman for the 21st century. 
He's a fiendish Jewish senator on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's an all-American small-town vampire hunter on the wrong side of the law. 
He's an underprivileged umbrella-wielding astronaut with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a world-famous zombie photographer on the run. 
He's a one-legged gay farmboy with no name. 
He's an unconventional voodoo romance novelist with no name. 
He's an oversexed Jewish vampire hunter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a leather-clad playboy stage actor who believes he can never love again. 
He's a Nobel prize-winning neurotic hairdresser with a secret. 
He's a shy Catholic grifter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a short-sighted zombie firefighter fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's a maverick pirate dwarf with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's an all-American gay ex-con from the Mississippi delta. 
He's an uncontrollable arachnophobic astronaut for the 21st century. 
He's a benighted albino paranormal investigator from the 'hood. 
He's a fast talking Amish dwarf fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's a one-legged Republican stage actor with a secret. 
He's an oversexed hunchbacked barbarian in a wheelchair. 
He's an all-American hunchbacked cowboy haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an obese shark-wrestling paranormal investigator looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a deeply religious small-town paranormal investigator with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a superhumanly strong vegetarian card sharp with a secret. 
He's an uncontrollable alcoholic sorceror whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a fiendish Amish vagrant  
He's an all-American playboy ex-con on a mission from God. 
He's a deeply religious small-town senator in a wheelchair. 
He's a hate-fuelled one-eyed stage actor living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's an oversexed amnesiac assassin with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a lounge-singing drug-addicted messiah looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's an obese ninja matador searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a jaded Republican sorceror in drag. 
He's an otherworldly shark-wrestling barbarian haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a time-tossed moralistic rock star with a secret. 
He's a lonely crooked librarian with nothing left to lose. 
He's an unconventional bohemian paramedic on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a scarfaced native American hairdresser living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's an oversexed small-town cyborg moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a lonely devious waffle chef who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a fast talking vegetarian vampire hunter who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's an unconventional drug-addicted cowboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's an unconventional hunchbacked cop on the edge. 
He's an ungodly vegetarian shaman gone bad. 
He's a sword-wielding white trash inventor in drag. 
He's a one-legged moralistic cowboy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a gun-slinging pirate dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an otherworldly drug-addicted messiah whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a world-famous playboy farmboy who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a short-sighted gay cowboy searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a suave gay vagrant possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a jaded sweet-toothed cowboy with nothing left to lose. 
He's a shy alcoholic cyborg from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a lonely amnesiac househusband gone bad. 
He's an impetuous crooked waffle chef plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a maverick crooked matador who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a bookish sweet-toothed photographer with no name. 
He's a lonely vegetarian messiah on the edge. 
He's a short-sighted crooked master criminal haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a short-sighted dishevelled gentleman spy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a witless one-eyed librarian gone bad. 
He's an otherworldly vegetarian cyborg haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a globe-trotting Jewish gentleman spy with no name. 
He's an otherworldly day-dreaming waffle chef from a doomed world. 
He's a genetically engineered pirate inventor for the 21st century. 
He's a jaded Republican grifter with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a time-tossed arachnophobic hairdresser in drag. 
He's a deeply religious arachnophobic astronaut with acid for blood. 
He's a witless flyboy astronaut looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an underprivileged overambitious romance novelist who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's an oversexed Catholic Green Beret on his last day in the job. 
He's a gun-slinging one-eyed card sharp whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's an oversexed moralistic card sharp moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a war-weary skateboarding dwarf  
He's a sword-wielding Republican card sharp with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a witless coffee-fuelled boxer who believes he can never love again. 
He's a leather-clad Catholic boxer plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a genetically engineered Amish librarian looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an obese sweet-toothed rock star with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's an oversexed coffee-fuelled gentleman spy for the 21st century. 
He's a fiendish neurotic filmmaker searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a deeply religious one-eyed cyborg living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a benighted flyboy grifter on a search for his missing sister. 
He's an obese one-eyed paranormal investigator who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a suicidal sweet-toothed househusband who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a world-famous vegetarian filmmaker who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a fast talking neurotic firefighter on his last day in the job. 
He's a war-weary soccer-playing shaman who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a leather-clad zombie househusband on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
