He's a leather-clad gay vampire hunter on the run.
He's a bookish Republican dog-catcher searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a jaded day-dreaming farmboy who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a fast talking hunchbacked photographer for the 21st century.
He's a scrappy Catholic card sharp with no name.
He's a scrappy skateboarding vagrant in a wheelchair.
He's a suicidal vegetarian inventor living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a Nobel prize-winning umbrella-wielding sorceror plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a leather-clad umbrella-wielding rock star trapped in a world he never made.
He's an impetuous coffee-fuelled rock star on a mission from God.
He's a maverick vegetarian rock star from a doomed world.
He's an obese hunchbacked hairdresser with acid for blood.
He's an oversexed dishevelled vagrant for the 21st century.
He's a world-famous Jewish firefighter who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an oversexed one-eyed filmmaker with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a superhumanly strong flyboy firefighter gone bad.
He's an unconventional amnesiac farmboy with acid for blood.
He's a notorious Jewish dog-catcher who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a gun-slinging neurotic vagrant who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a world-famous crooked grifter with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's an ungodly pirate cop with nothing left to lose.
He's an obese albino farmboy plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a lounge-singing Jewish cowboy from a doomed world.
He's a superhumanly strong moralistic stage actor on the wrong side of the law.
He's a globe-trotting Amish romance novelist from a doomed world.
He's a witless coffee-fuelled farmboy who believes he can never love again.
He's an old-fashioned amnesiac cop on his last day in the job.
He's a suicidal white trash househusband on a search for his missing sister.
He's a bookish devious senator on the run.
He's an all-American zombie master criminal with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a jaded crooked filmmaker haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an uncontrollable crooked photographer on the run.
He's a scrappy drug-addicted photographer whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an immortal amnesiac vampire hunter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a war-weary alcoholic inventor who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's an old-fashioned shark-wrestling hairdresser who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a hate-fuelled flyboy romance novelist possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a deeply religious crooked Green Beret looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a time-tossed moralistic dwarf with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a scrappy shark-wrestling werewolf moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an impetuous skateboarding paranormal investigator possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a shy drug-addicted filmmaker who believes he can never love again.
He's a genetically engineered guitar-strumming shaman living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an underprivileged overambitious househusband from the Mississippi delta.
He's an uncontrollable sweet-toothed assassin moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a jaded guitar-strumming Green Beret from a doomed world.
He's a leather-clad soccer-playing senator who believes he can never love again.
He's an otherworldly albino dog-catcher who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a time-tossed misogynist stage actor with nothing left to lose.
He's a jaded playboy gangster whom everyone believes is mad.
