Shes's a wealthy gold-digging schoolgirl prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
Shes's a transdimensional kleptomaniac detective from beyond the grave
Shes's a man-hating winged nun trying to make a difference in a man\'s world.
Shes's a provocative red-headed hooker with the soul of a mighty warrior.
Shes's a blind mute soap star who dreams of becoming Elvis.
Shes's a virginal mutant bodyguard from a different time and place.
Shes's a vivacious Bolivian college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior.
Shes's a supernatural blonde cab driver in the witness protection scheme.
Shes's a man-hating kleptomaniac barmaid with a flame-thrower.
Shes's a pregnant red-headed magician\'s assistant with a flame-thrower.
Shes's a strong-willed mute safe cracker who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
Shes's an elegant hip-hop politician from Mars.
Shes's a cosmopolitan hypochondriac femme fatale from Mars.
Shes's a psychotic hip-hop wrestler with her own daytime radio talk show.
Shes's a blind tempestuous soap star who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
Shes's a strong-willed renegade Hell\'s Angel with someone else\'s memories.
Shes's a cynical blonde lawyer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
Shes's a cynical wisecracking socialite from beyond the grave
Shes's a man-hating thirtysomething soap star who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
Shes's a green-fingered impetuous barmaid from beyond the grave
Shes's a green-fingered impetuous nun with the power to see death.
Shes's a beautiful punk research scientist with the power to bend men\'s minds.
Shes's a cold-hearted cigar-chomping bounty hunter with only herself to blame.
Shes's a supernatural gold-digging mermaid with an evil twin sister.
Shes's a brilliant streetsmart bounty hunter with an MBA from Harvard.
Shes's an orphaned cigar-chomping doctor in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Shes's a transdimensional belly-dancing widow from aristocratic European stock.
Shes's a cynical gypsy pearl diver with the power to bend men\'s minds.
Shes's a beautiful gold-digging socialite on the trail of a serial killer.
Shes's a virginal mute fairy princess on her way to prison for a murder she didn\'t commit.
Shes's a warm-hearted French-Canadian journalist looking for love in all the wrong places.
Shes's a sharp-shooting African-American mechanic with the power to see death.
Shes's a beautiful paranoid college professor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
Shes's a disco-crazy motormouth magician\'s assistant from beyond the grave
Shes's a foxy tomboy vampire on her way to prison for a murder she didn\'t commit.
Shes's a pregnant thirtysomething barmaid from a different time and place.
Shes's a scantily clad hypochondriac widow married to the Mob.
Shes's a chain-smoking wisecracking mermaid from a family of eight older brothers.
Shes's a violent nymphomaniac single mother on the trail of a serial killer.
Shes's a chain-smoking mutant queen of the dead who dreams of becoming Elvis.
Shes's an elegant wisecracking college professor with a flame-thrower.
Shes's a sharp-shooting renegade soap star looking for love in all the wrong places.
Shes's a blind wisecracking bounty hunter from a different time and place.
Shes's a sharp-shooting wisecracking wrestler from beyond the grave
Shes's a blind out-of-work barmaid with a flame-thrower.
Shes's an artistic green-skinned archaeologist married to the Mob.
Shes's a high-kicking cigar-chomping opera singer on the trail of a serial killer.
Shes's a tortured kleptomaniac wrestler prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
Shes's a transdimensional mute fairy princess who dreams of becoming Elvis.
Shes's an artistic winged mermaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
