She's a bloodthirsty motormouth lawyer from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a plucky kleptomaniac stripper from Mars. 
She's a violent extravagent detective living on borrowed time. 
She's a violent red-headed angel with an incredible destiny. 
She's a scantily clad nymphomaniac schoolgirl from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a wealthy tomboy museum curator from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a cold-hearted goth snake charmer from out of town. 
She's an artistic tomboy Valkyrie who can talk to animals. 
She's a vivacious nymphomaniac doctor in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a ditzy extravagent angel from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a mistrustful junkie Hell's Angel on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a man-hating blonde schoolgirl from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a cold-hearted tempestuous schoolgirl living on borrowed time. 
She's a violent extravagent socialite from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a sharp-shooting kleptomaniac mercenary married to the Mob. 
She's a virginal hypochondriac nun in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a supernatural wisecracking mechanic with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a manipulative renegade snake charmer fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a ditzy hip-hop pearl diver with the power to see death. 
She's a pregnant tomboy barmaid prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's an enchanted kleptomaniac soap star with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a ditzy cat-loving politician with an evil twin sister. 
She's a supernatural impetuous stripper with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's an elegant kleptomaniac mermaid on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a transdimensional gypsy doctor from out of town. 
She's a pregnant mute angel from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a warm-hearted paranoid fairy princess living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a plucky hypochondriac Valkyrie from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a bloodthirsty African-American fairy princess from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's an orphaned motormouth femme fatale with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a virginal red-headed widow with a knack for trouble. 
She's a radical belly-dancing traffic cop from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a chain-smoking out-of-work safe cracker living on borrowed time. 
She's a psychotic antique-collecting barmaid living on borrowed time. 
She's a disco-crazy cigar-chomping wrestler married to the Mob. 
She's an orphaned renegade femme fatale from Mars. 
She's a psychotic impetuous detective who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a chain-smoking snooty archaeologist living on borrowed time. 
She's a tortured junkie mermaid from beyond the grave 
She's an artistic French-Canadian bounty hunter with the power to see death. 
She's an enchanted nymphomaniac widow trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a cold-hearted foul-mouthed pearl diver with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a sharp-shooting gold-digging research scientist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's an elegant winged former first lady with the power to see death. 
She's a sarcastic hip-hop former first lady from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a violent mute journalist from beyond the grave 
She's a cynical blonde politician on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a strong-willed out-of-work pearl diver from a different time and place. 
She's a time-travelling French-Canadian socialite with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a cynical belly-dancing bodyguard in the witness protection scheme. 