She's a virginal tempestuous lawyer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a vivacious foul-mouthed nun with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a supernatural junkie nun with a flame-thrower.
She's a cosmopolitan out-of-work journalist from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a manipulative cat-loving mechanic who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a disco-crazy green-skinned vampire on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a disco-crazy bisexual femme fatale with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
She's a supernatural bisexual magician's assistant with only herself to blame.
She's a radical impetuous soap star who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a brilliant tempestuous snake charmer operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's an elegant mute safe cracker from out of town.
She's a cold-hearted blonde former first lady from a different time and place.
She's an artistic Bolivian widow with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a violent goth archaeologist with a flame-thrower.
She's a radical thirtysomething doctor descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a brilliant tomboy stripper trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's a beautiful paranoid advertising executive descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a pregnant communist wrestler with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a bloodthirsty psychic angel fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a high-kicking foul-mouthed queen of the dead from aristocratic European stock.
She's a green-fingered streetsmart nun who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a provocative out-of-work single mother with the power to see death.
She's a cold-hearted renegade vampire on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a tortured foul-mouthed magician's assistant living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a mistrustful green-skinned magician's assistant married to the Mob.
She's a manipulative nymphomaniac mermaid with the power to see death.
She's a time-travelling cigar-chomping detective from Mars.
She's an orphaned thirtysomething bounty hunter from aristocratic European stock.
She's a hard-bitten mutant angel on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a supernatural insomniac femme fatale in the witness protection scheme.
She's an elegant foul-mouthed stripper who can talk to animals.
She's a sharp-shooting antique-collecting magician's assistant trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's an elegant psychic widow living on borrowed time.
She's a violent Bolivian single mother who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's an enchanted junkie angel fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a manipulative gypsy former first lady with the power to bend men's minds.
She's a manipulative red-headed angel from out of town.
She's an elegant mute cab driver who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a virginal wisecracking lawyer from a different time and place.
She's a bloodthirsty tempestuous angel with someone else's memories.
She's a time-travelling tomboy opera singer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a manipulative kleptomaniac journalist with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a chain-smoking hypochondriac lawyer who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a brilliant psychic archaeologist married to the Mob.
She's a high-kicking nymphomaniac stripper looking for love in all the wrong places.
She's a green-fingered snooty queen of the dead married to the Mob.
She's an elegant renegade magician's assistant in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She's a brilliant mute pearl diver on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's an orphaned antique-collecting bodyguard with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a mistrustful hypochondriac advertising executive with a flame-thrower.
